{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\highlight2\protect\f0\fs18\par
\par
\par
\f1 A Most Portentous Dream Diary\par
by J. Jones\f0\par
\par
Today I start my dream diary in earnest. Herein, for three calendar years, I will faithfully record my dreams and offer up the portentous interpretations of the sages.\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of January\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Day. I feel like I'm angry. I had this dream I was sliding. And so it is written: "To dream of sliding on smooth ice foretells good luck: if a girl dreams that a young man assists her in sliding and that she enjoys it she will soon get an agreeable lover: ragged or wet ice or holes in the ice foreshadow difficulties."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully as per usual!! Thus I dreamed I suddenly became affluent. "To dream that you are in affluence, foretells that you will make fortunate ventures, and will be pleasantly associated with people of wealth."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of January\b0\par
I had this dream a quadrille was wading me in a country. "To dream of dancing a quadrille, foretells that some pleasant engagement will occupy your time. If you wade in clear water while dreaming, you will partake of evanescent, but exquisite joys. To dream of being in a beautiful and fertile country, where abound rich fields of grain and running streams of pure water, denotes the very acme of good times is at hand."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was sowing some errands. "To dream that you are sowing seed, foretells to the farmer fruitful promises, if he sows in new ploughed soil. To go on errands in your dreams, means congenial associations and mutual agreement in the home circle."\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of January\b0\par
I had two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was combing a devil. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs. To dream of this enemy to the human race denotes that many dangers threaten you all of which you will overcome if you carefully withstand all temptations to do evil; in love it forebodes loss of the affections; in trade opposition; to dream you are pursued by an evil spirit is also a bad omen. To dream that you are buried alive denotes that you will be rich and powerful."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of January\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was in a cemetery. "To dream of being in a beautiful and well-kept cemetery, you will have unexpected news of the recovery of one whom you had mourned as dead, and you will have your title good to lands occupied by usurpers." As expected.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of January\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In my sleep I dreamed I was in the presence of lots of shoes and a servant. "If you dream that one of your shoes has a hole in it it foretells that your sweetheart will offend you by favoring a supposed rival: if a girl dreams this her lover will be jealous of her: for a young man to dream that he has lost a shoe-string is a sign that he will be kissed by a lady with whom he had no previous acquaintance. To dream of a servant, is a sign that you will be fortunate, despite gloomy appearances."\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of January\b0\par
I slept well. I had this dream I was lending a barefoot. "To dream that you are lending money, foretells difficulties in meeting payments of debts and unpleasant influence in private. To wander in the night barefoot with torn garments, denotes that you will be crushed in expectation, and evil influences will surround your every effort."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of January\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. I dreamed of dogs. The dogs were bleating. "To dream of these faithful and domestic animals has very different significations, according to the manner in which you see them. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of January\b0\par
I had this dream there existed some losses. "To dream of losing your hat is a sign you will entertain a large company either by making a speech or otherwise attracting their attention: dreaming of the loss of money a watch or any valuables of that kind predicts that you will gain as much and perhaps more than your loss amounts to: if a girl dreams of losing her shoe-strings she will be kissed by an agreeable young man; any article of clothing that you may dream of having lost shows that you will rig yourself out in a new suit." Not what I always expected!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of January\b0\par
I slept restlessly. Thus I dreamed I was weeping. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth."\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once. I dreamed I was waltzing some blossoms. Thus: "To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness. To dream of seeing trees and shrubs in blossom, denotes a time of pleasing prosperity is nearing you." So it goes...\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of January\b0\par
I slept like a log. I had this dream of shakers. The shakers were boasting. "To dream of seeing members of the sect called. To hear boasting in your dreams, you will sincerely regret an impulsive act, which will cause trouble to your friends."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of January\b0\par
I slept well. Thus I dreamed I was leaping some quilts. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream of quilts, foretells pleasant and comfortable circumstances."\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed I had lots of toys. "To see toys in dreams, foretells family joys, if whole and new, but if broken, death will rend your heart with sorrow." I feel strangely good about this...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a murder was ploughing me leading me to be blowing the fire. "To dream that you see a murder committed, indicates that you will shortly have the pleasure of welcoming one whom you had not expected to see again in this world. To dream of ploughing is good; but if the horse seems to sink into the ground, it portends loss of labor, dearth of corn, and ill harvest weather.To dream you are blowing the fire indicates to the lover, that your sweetheart is very angry with you." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of January\b0\par
I slept well. I didn't record my dream because it was just so boring.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was talking. "To dream that you are talking loudly of some matter or person with whom you are not on the most friendly terms, signifies that troubles are about to visit you." Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of January\b0\par
I slept peacefully as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became falling. "To dream you are falling from an eminence shows you will have some dignity conferred upon you or else will marry above your sphere."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was admiring a cradle in Europe. "To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle. To dream you are rocking a cradle is a good omen and signifies a long and prosperous life. To dream of traveling in."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was in the presence of some walls. "To dream you are walking on a crazy, old and narrow wall, denotes that you will engage in some very dangerous enterprise that will cause you much trouble and vexation." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a question was jumping me in a building. According to the books: "To question the merits of a thing in your dreams, denotes that you will suspect some one whom you love of unfaithfulness, and you will fear for your speculations. If you dream of jumping over any object, you will succeed in every endeavor; but if you jump and fall back, disagreeable affairs will render life almost intolerable. To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less!! In my sleep I dreamed of clouds. The clouds were laughing. "To dream of white clouds, signifies prosperity; clouds mounting high from the earth, denotes voyages, the return of the absent, and revealing of secrets; clouds red and inflamed, show an ill issue of affairs; to dream of dark and obscure clouds, shows an ill time of anger. To dream that you laugh and feel cheerful, means success in your undertakings, and bright companions socially." I want to go back to bed!\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was vomiting in an inn. "To dream of vomiting is usually a sign of health: if you imagine that you vomit up worms it foretells that you will have good luck in preventing a loss or a robbery. To dream of being in an inn, is a very unfavorable dream."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of January\b0\par
I dreamed a punch was combing me making me abandoned. "To dream of drinking the concoction called punch, denotes that you will prefer selfish pleasures to honorable distinction and morality. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs.To dream that you are abandoned, denotes that you will have difficulty in framing your plans for future success."\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of January\b0\par
I slept very well. I had this dream of giants. The giants were colliding. "To dream of seeing giants is ominous of good. To dream of a collision, you will meet with an accident of a serious type and disappointments in business."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of January\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed I was in an inn. "To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of January\b0\par
I slept very well unsurprisingly. I dreamed I spent the whole dream dancing. "To dream you are dancing at a ball or entertainment foretells that you will shortly receive joyful news; it also foretells success and happiness in love."\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of January\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm birding. Thus I dreamed I was weeding some scales. Translation: "To dream that you are weeding, foretells that you will have difficulty in proceeding with some work which will bring you distinction. To dream you are weighing any article is a good omen and signifies that you will be happy and long-lived; but to dream you see another using the scales is a sign you will be ruined by law-suits." How portentious...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I dreamed I suddenly became birding in poverty. "To dream you catch birds, signifies profit and pleasure. To dream of being in poverty, signifies good to some, but cross fortune to those that make commodity of their tongue and fair speech."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 31st of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was walking an inauguration. The sages say the following: "To dream of walking through rough brier, entangled paths, denotes that you will be much distressed over your business complications, and disagreeable misunderstandings will produce coldness and indifference. To dream of inauguration, denotes you will rise to higher position than you have yet enjoyed." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 1st of February\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was weeping. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth."\par
\par
\b Friday the 2nd of February\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed of cotton. The cotton were laughing. "To dream of young growing cotton-fields, denotes great business and prosperous times. Laughing immoderately at some weird object, denotes disappointment and lack of harmony in your surroundings."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 3rd of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, I was shooting a bell-man. Translation: "To dream you are out shooting, is very favorable, if you kill much game. Fortune is hurrying after you."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 4th of February\b0\par
I slept restlessly for once. In my sleep I dreamed I was in a strange place. The books say: "To dream of being in a strange place, denotes a good legacy from a relation while in prison."\par
\par
\b Monday the 5th of February\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was wading some gallows in a building during October. "If the water is muddy, you are in danger of illness, or some sorrowful experiences. To dream of the gallows is a most fortunate omen. To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face. To imagine you are in October is ominous of gratifying success in your undertakings." This will be hard to puzzle out...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 6th of February\b0\par
I dreamed two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was ascending a nightingale. Then I dreamed I was talking. "If you reach the extreme point of ascent, or top of steps, without stumbling, it is good; otherwise, you will have obstacles to overcome before the good of the day is found. To dream of the nightingale signifieth good work, and principally wedding. To dream that some person is talking about you, is an indication that you will be gladdened by having a proposal made to you that will be to your interest to agree to."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 7th of February\b0\par
I didn't take note of my dream because it was breakfast time before I remembered I should have done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 8th of February\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In my sleep I dreamed of sugar-tongs. The sugar-tongs were ragged. "To dream of sugar-tongs, foretells that disagreeable tidings of wrong-doings will be received by you. To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society."\par
\par
\b Friday the 9th of February\b0\par
I slept well! I dreamed I was rescuing during daybreak. "To dream of being rescued from any danger, denotes that you will be threatened with misfortune, and will escape with a slight loss. Good fortune in every thing you undertake."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 10th of February\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in a life-boat and I became bigamous. "To dream of being in a life-boat, denotes escape from threatened evil. For a man to commit bigamy, denotes loss of manhood and failing mentality."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 11th of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was polishing a breakfast in Asia during spring. "To dream of polishing any article, high attainments will place you in enviable positions. To dream that you are eating breakfast shows you will do something of which you will be sorry. To dream of visiting Asia is assurance of change, but no material benefits from fortune will follow. To dream that spring is advancing, is a sign of fortunate undertakings and cheerful companions."\par
\par
\b Monday the 12th of February\b0\par
I dreamed of cakes. The cakes were dancing. Interpretation: "To dream you are eating cakes, denotes happiness and prosperity. To dream that you are dancing at a ball, wake, or entertainment, foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long absent friend, and that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy; for it foretells success and happiness in love; that your sweetheart is kind."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 13th of February\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, of water. The water were insane. "To dream of being on the water is good if the water be clear; but if muddy or troubled the reverse. To dream of being insane, forebodes disastrous results to some newly undertaken work, or ill health may work sad changes in your prospects."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 14th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I had this dream a pregnancy was sailing me. "For a woman to dream that she is pregnant when she is not is a sign of some special good fortune; she will either have a handsome present or else her husband will be lucky in some business transaction and give her a part of the money: if a girl dreams this it foretells that she will get married about as sudden as if the dream were a reality. To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome ."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 15th of February\b0\par
I slept very well for once. In the only dream I remember, I was in a life-boat. "To see a life-boat sinking, friends will contribute to your distress."\par
\par
\b Friday the 16th of February\b0\par
I slept well. In my sleep I dreamed I saw these ninepins. "To dream that you play ninepins, denotes that you are foolishly wasting your energy and opportunities."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 17th of February\b0\par
I dreamed there existed lots of swallows. "To dream of these harbingers of summer is a very favorable omen."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 18th of February\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a crust was stinging me. "To dream of a crust of bread, denotes incompetency, and threatened misery through carelessness in appointed duties. To dream of being stung by a bee or wasp foretells an injury by unjust and scandalous reports: a young lady who dreams that a bee stings her will probably have her chastity questioned."\par
\par
\b Monday the 19th of February\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of clouds. The clouds were colliding. "To dream of seeing dark heavy clouds, portends misfortune and bad management. For a young woman to see a collision, denotes she will be unable to decide between lovers, and will be the cause of wrangles."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 20th of February\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In my sleep I dreamed I was in the presence of some checks and a rainbow. "To dream of palming off false checks on your friends, denotes that you will resort to subterfuge in order to carry forward your plans. It is an excellent dream to imagine you see a brilliant rainbow-the brighter the better: it denotes health and general prosperity: to lovers it foretells a happy marriage and riches."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 21st of February\b0\par
I had this dream of ashes. The ashes were angry. "Great misfortune is at hand; to a lover or sweetheart such a dream forebodes that he or she will be jealous because of seeing some one in company with their intended. To dream of anger, denotes that some awful trial awaits you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 22nd of February\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I recall two dreams. First I dreamed I was washing a victim. Then I dreamed I was swimming. Apparently: "To dream of washing foretells change of abode and if you wash in clear cold water the dream is an omen of good; but. To dream that you are the victim of any scheme, foretells that you will be oppressed and over-powered by your enemies. To dream of swimming is an excellent omen as it foretells success and good fortune generally: if you dream you are swimming or bathing in clear water with ladies it predicts that you will soon marry the one of your choice particularly if she be present; and to dream you are naked and swimming in clear water is a sign of excellent luck in business matters."\par
\par
\b Friday the 23rd of February\b0\par
I dreamed I held lots of burns. "Burns stand for tidings of good."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 24th of February\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was sawing. The books say: "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 25th of February\b0\par
I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was waltzing a fairy. Then I dreamed I was vexed. "To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness. If you dream of seeing a fairy you will meet a woman who will seduce you from the path of propriety and make your life vexatious. If you are vexed in your dreams, you will find many worries scattered through your early awakening." I don't like this!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 26th of February\b0\par
I had this dream a dust was parting me. "If you dream you are in a room or in the road where the dust is flying so as to choke you it shows that some one is plotting to injure you in some way or to make a speculation out of you. To dream of parting with friends and companions, denotes that many little vexations will come into your daily life."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 27th of February\b0\par
I slept like a log, such is my fate. I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was sailing a lightning. Then I dreamed I was clairvoyant. "To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome . Lightning in your dreams, foreshadows happiness and prosperity of short duration. To dream of being a clairvoyant and seeing yourself in the future, denotes signal changes in your present occupation, followed by a series of unhappy conflicts with designing people."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 28th of February\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was hating. "To dream of hatred or being hated, whether of friends or enemies, is ill."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 1st of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be commiting adultery. "For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes."\par
\par
\b Friday the 2nd of March\b0\par
I slept fitfully. Thus I dreamed of worms. The worms were yawning. "To dream that you see a great number of worms in your path, is an indication that the death of either yourself or of some one dear to you may shortly be expected. If you yawn in your dreams, you will search in vain for health and contentment."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 3rd of March\b0\par
I dreamed I was washing. "To dream that you are washing yourself, signifies that you pride yourself on the numberless liaisons you maintain."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 4th of March\b0\par
I had this dream a wealth was combing a burial in a crowd whilst I was bleeding. "To dream that you are possessed of much wealth, foretells that you will energetically nerve yourself to meet the problems of life with that force which compells success. To dream a burial passes by,. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs. To dream of a large, handsomely dressed crowd of people at some entertainment, denotes pleasant association with friends; but anything occurring to mar the pleasure of the guests, denotes distress and loss of friendship, and unhappiness will be found where profit and congenial intercourse was expected.To dream you are bleeding, denotes loss of goods and character, and that your sweetheart will not marry you." I don't pretend to make sense of this!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 5th of March\b0\par
I slept like a log. Thus I dreamed I was varnishing a well. "To dream that your house or furniture is being or has been newly varnished is a sign of a funeral; but if you imagine that you are varnishing anything it merely foretells a loss with out a death. To dream that you are employed in a well, foretells that you will succumb to adversity through your misapplied energies." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 6th of March\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual! In my sleep I dreamed I was in love leading me to be commiting adultery. "To dream of being in love, denotes that you are not susceptible. For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 7th of March\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was beating a seal. Then I dreamed I was insane. "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream that you see seals, denotes that you are striving for a place above your power to maintain. To see others insane, denotes disagreeable contact with suffering and appeals from the poverty-stricken."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 8th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I had some jewels and a nightmare. "To dream of jewels, denotes much pleasure and riches. To dream of being ridden by the nightmare is a sign that a woman so dreaming, shall be domineered over by a fool."\par
\par
\b Friday the 9th of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In the only dream I remember, of whales. The whales were anxious. "If you dream you are sitting on a whale's back, it is good. A dream of this kind is occasionally a good omen, denoting, after threatening states, success and rejuvenation of mind; but if the dreamer is anxious about some momentous affair, it indicates a disastrous combination of business and social states."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 10th of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was admonishing. "To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 11th of March\b0\par
I slept like a log. In the only dream I remember, I was sewing some nutmegs. "To dream of sewing on new garments, foretells that domestic peace will crown your wishes. To dream of nutmegs is a sign that many changes will overtake you." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 12th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I was painting some bulls. "To dream of painting your house is a sign of sickness in the family but at the same time thrift and good luck in business: if in your dream you see a white house newly painted outside you will probably soon be summoned to attend a funeral: to see any other colored house newly painted foretells that you will hear of the sickness of a friend or relative: dreaming of beautiful paintings of landscapes portraits &c is an omen of bad luck and poverty. To dream you are pursued by a bull, denotes that many injurious reports will be spread on your character."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 13th of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully for once!! Thus I dreamed I held these cakes. "Dream that cakes you knead and make,." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 14th of March\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, a macaroni was leaping me. "To dream of eating macaroni, denotes small losses. To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. "\par
\par
\b Thursday the 15th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I was undressing some sardines during February. "To see your wife undress signifies wantonness; to undress in the presence of others slander; to undress in your room alone the discovery of secrets. To eat sardines in a dream, foretells that distressing events will come unexpectedly upon you. To dream of February, denotes continued ill health and gloom, generally." This is what I anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 16th of March\b0\par
I slept very well!! I dreamed I was decorating some surgical instruments. "To dream of decorating a place with bright-hued flowers for some festive occasion, is significant of favorable turns in business, and, to the young, of continued rounds of social pleasures and fruitful study. To see surgical instruments in a dream, foretells dissatisfaction will be felt by you at the indiscreet manner a friend manifests toward you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 17th of March\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in a crowd making me dying. I liked this interpretation: "It also denotes dissatisfaction in government and family dissensions. To dream you see death denotes happiness and long life; that you will be either speedily married yourself or assist at a wedding."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 18th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was vomiting some leaves in a comedy. "To dream of vomiting is usually a sign of health: if you imagine that you vomit up worms it foretells that you will have good luck in preventing a loss or a robbery. To dream of leaves, denotes happiness and wonderful improvement in your business. To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Monday the 19th of March\b0\par
I slept fitfully for once! In the only dream I remember, I was in rain. The books say: "To dream of being in a shower of rain, is particularly favorable to lovers."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 20th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I was fighting an intestine. "To dream you are fighting, denotes to the lover that you will lose the object of your affections through a foolish quarrel. To dream of seeing intestines, signifies you are about to be visited by a grave calamity, which will remove some friend."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 21st of March\b0\par
I dreamed a turpentine was awaking me in a funeral leading me to be talking. "To dream of turpentine, foretells your near future holds unprofitable and discouraging engagements. To dream you awake yourself is a happy end to all sorrow. To dream of attending a funeral shows that you will probably be soon at a wedding or some gay party.To dream of talking, denotes that you will soon hear of the sickness of relatives, and there will be worries in your affairs."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 22nd of March\b0\par
Today it is my birthday. I spent a good part of the day angling. I slept very well. I had this dream a tiger was christening a king whilst I was ragged. "To dream of seeing one of these animals in a rage is a sign that you have a treacherous friend who will endanger your reputation: to see in your dream a sleeping or quiet tiger foretells that you will soon make the acquaintance of a treacherous or unworthy person. To dream of a king, you are struggling with your might, and ambition is your master. To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married.To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 23rd of March\b0\par
I slept fitfully. I dreamed I was painting some deer during spring. "To dream of painting your house is a sign of sickness in the family but at the same time thrift and good luck in business: if in your dream you see a white house newly painted outside you will probably soon be summoned to attend a funeral: to see any other colored house newly painted foretells that you will hear of the sickness of a friend or relative: dreaming of beautiful paintings of landscapes portraits &c is an omen of bad luck and poverty. If you see these animals in your dream it shows that you will hear some unexpected news-no matter what-perhaps a marriage a death an accident or a legacy has been left to you; or that some one is in love with you. To see spring appearing unnaturally, is a foreboding of disquiet and losses."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 24th of March\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly. I had this dream of moles. The moles were contemptuous. "To dream of moles, indicates secret enemies. To dream of being in contempt of court, denotes that you have committed business or social indiscretion and that it is unmerited." This again...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 25th of March\b0\par
I dreamed of buttons. The buttons were piss-abed. "To dream of sewing bright shining buttons on a uniform, betokens to a young woman the warm affection of a fine looking and wealthy partner in marriage. To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Monday the 26th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I didn't know I was in danger. Thus: "To dream of being in danger shows success in life; to shun it misfortune ." Not what I always anticipated!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 27th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I was reading in a school. "To dream you are reading an agreeable book, shows you will be successful in love, and that you will become rich. To dream of attending school, indicates distinction in literary work."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 28th of March\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! I dreamed I suddenly became arrested. "To see respectable-looking strangers arrested, foretells that you desire to make changes, and new speculations will be subordinated by the fear of failure."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 29th of March\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was bigamous. I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was delighting a tumble. Then I dreamed I was in danger. "To dream of experiencing delight over any event, signifies a favorable turn in affairs. To dream that you tumble off of any thing, denotes that you are given to carelessness, and should strive to be prompt with your affairs. To dream of being in a perilous situation, and death seems iminent,\{sic\} denotes that you will emerge from obscurity into places of distinction and honor; but if you should not escape the impending danger, and suffer death or a wound, you will lose in business and be annoyed in your home, and by others."\par
\par
\b Friday the 30th of March\b0\par
Today it is Good Friday. I feel like I'm starving. I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was mourning a register. Then I dreamed I was yawning. "To dream that you are dressed in mourning for the death of a relative is a sign that a wedding will soon take place in your family or that of some blood relation. To dream that some one registers your name at a hotel for you, denotes you will undertake some work which will be finished by others. To see others yawning, foretells that you will see some of your friends in a miserable state."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 31st of March\b0\par
I slept like a log, such is my fate. In the only dream I remember, I didn't know I was swimming. "To dream you are swimming, with your head above the water, denotes great success in your undertakings, whether they be in love, trade, sea or farming."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 1st of April\b0\par
Today it is Easter Sunday. It's like I'm swimming. I slept uncomfortably. I dreamed a scarcity was shaving a clock in a brothel whilst I was angry. "To dream of a scarcity of anything is a sign that some of the article dreamed about is on its way to you; as if a farmer were to dream of a scarcity of hay it shows that his next hay crop will be very abundant; or if a girl should dream of a scarcity of compliments she will probably be overwhelmed by them from gentlemen when she next goes into company. To dream you hear the clock strike denotes speedy marriage; if you dream the clock falls or breaks it denotes danger. To dream you are being shaved, or that your head has been shaved, is a very unfavorable omen; in love, it denotes treachery and disappointment; and in the married state, infidelity and discord. To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence.To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies; and warns you to be careful that all you do should be strictly honorable; but it also signifies you will hear good news and be in a good humor."\par
\par
\b Monday the 2nd of April\b0\par
I slept well more or less. In my sleep I dreamed I was scalded. My fate is: "To dream of being scalded with hot water is usually a sign of injuries by the elements; it may foretell losses by floods by fire or by winds or by thunder-storms: if you dream of scalding your tongue with hot tea it is a sign that you will scandalize a neighbor with some ill-natured remark."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 3rd of April\b0\par
I dreamed of blows. The blows were yearning. "Denotes injury to yourself. To feel in a dream that you are yearning for the presence of anyone, denotes that you will soon hear comforting tidings from your absent friends."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 4th of April\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In the only dream I remember, I happened to be devoted. "For a farmer to dream of showing his devotion to."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 5th of April\b0\par
I dreamed an asylum was walking me making me blushing. "To dream of an asylum, denotes sickness and unlucky dealings, which cannot be overcome without great mental struggle. To walk in pleasant places, you will be the possessor of fortune and favor.For a young woman to dream of blushing, denotes she will be worried and humiliated by false accusations."\par
\par
\b Friday the 6th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an owl was traveling me. Therefore: "To dream of this bird at night is a bad omen. If one dreams that he is traveling through a wood and that he sticketh in the briars and bushes, it betokens many troubles and hindrances."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 7th of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in a dungeon. "To dream of being in a dungeon, foretells for you struggles with the vital affairs of life but by wise dealing you will disenthrall yourself of obstacles and the designs of enemies."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 8th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I was polishing. Accordingly: "To dream of polishing any article, high attainments will place you in enviable positions."\par
\par
\b Monday the 9th of April\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became talking in a laboratory during winter. This was one interpretation: "To dream that you are talking loudly of some matter or person with whom you are not on the most friendly terms, signifies that troubles are about to visit you. To dream of being in a laboratory, denotes great energies wasted in unfruitful enterprises when you might succeed in some more practical business. To dream of winter, is a prognostication of ill-health and dreary prospects for the favorable progress of fortune." I look forward to seeing how this plays out.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 10th of April\b0\par
I slept very well. I had this dream of lambs. The lambs were bleating. "To see young lambs frisking around their mother is an excellent omen as it denotes thrift and also happiness in your family ties; if you see them sucking it is a sign of an increase in your family by the birth of a child. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 11th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I saw some dogs and a feast. As such: "If they fawn and fondle upon you, then it is a very lucky omen. To dream of a feast, foretells that pleasant surprises are being planned for you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 12th of April\b0\par
I had this dream I was flying. "To dream you are flying, is a very excellent omen."\par
\par
\b Friday the 13th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an ugly was separating a law in a brothel during spring whilst I was acquitted. "To dream that you are ugly, denotes that you will have a difficulty with your sweetheart, and your prospects will assume a depressed shade. As to matters of law, to dream of places, of pleading, judges, attorneys, &c., signifies trouble, expense and revealing of secrets. To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence. To dream that spring is advancing, is a sign of fortunate undertakings and cheerful companions.To dream that you are acquitted of a crime, denotes that you are about to come into possession of valuable property, but there is danger of a law suit before obtaining possession."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 14th of April\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. I dreamed of night-walks. The night-walks were intemperant. "To dream of walking in the night, signifies trouble and melancholy. To dream of being intemperate in the use of your intellectual forces, you will seek after foolish knowledge fail to benefit yourself, and give pain and displeasure to your friends."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 15th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed there was these pincers. "To dream of feeling pincers on your flesh, denotes that you will be burdened with exasperating cares."\par
\par
\b Monday the 16th of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was stealing a fan. "If you dream of being robbed it is a sign that you will make a good speculation of some kind; to dream of stealing any particular article yourself foretells that you will soon want just that thing; thus if you imagine that you steal money you will be badly in want of some. To see a fan in your dreams, denotes pleasant news and surprises are awaiting you in the near future."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 17th of April\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was swearing a table. Then I dreamed I was agony. Alas: "To dream that you hear violent altercations and profane swearing is a sign that you will lose caste and go down in the world: if a man dreams that in his anger he curses and swears it foretells that he will come to poverty. To dream of setting a table preparatory to a meal, foretells happy unions and prosperous circumstances. This is not as good a dream, as some would wish you to believe."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 18th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly the whole night through!! I had this dream I was sawing some fleas. "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked. To dream you are tormented with these little insects is unfavorable."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 19th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I suddenly became burned in a picnic. The sages say the following: "For a man to dream he is burned, signifies (according to the interpretations of the. To dream of attending a picnic, foreshadows success and real  enjoyment."\par
\par
\b Friday the 20th of April\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly!! In the only dream I remember, I didn't know I was swimming. "To dream of swimming is an excellent omen as it foretells success and good fortune generally: if you dream you are swimming or bathing in clear water with ladies it predicts that you will soon marry the one of your choice particularly if she be present; and to dream you are naked and swimming in clear water is a sign of excellent luck in business matters."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 21st of April\b0\par
I had this dream I saw some beans. "To dream of eating beans is a sign of trouble."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 22nd of April\b0\par
I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was chastising a macaroni. Then I dreamed I was blushing. "To dream of being chastised, denotes that you have not been prudent in conducting your affairs. To see it in large quantities, denotes that you will save money by the strictest economy. If she sees others blush, she will be given to flippant railery which will make her unpleasing to her friends."\par
\par
\b Monday the 23rd of April\b0\par
I slept very well! In the only dream I remember, an album was swearing me leading me to be abandoned. "To dream of an album, denotes you will have success and true friends. To dream of swearing, denotes some unpleasant obstructions in business.To abandon others, you will see unhappy conditions piled thick around you, leaving little hope of surmounting them."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 24th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I was yearning in a cemetery. "For a young woman to think her lover is yearning for her, she will have the pleasure of soon hearing some one making a long-wished-for proposal. To see an old bramble grown and forgotten cemetery, you will live to see all your loved ones leave you, and you will be left to a stranger's care."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 25th of April\b0\par
I slept like a log!! In my sleep I dreamed I was leaking. "To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations." Well well well...\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 26th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I held lots of chickens. "To dream of seeing a brood of chickens, denotes worry from many cares, some of which of which will prove to your profit."\par
\par
\b Friday the 27th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was parting a serenade. "To dream of parting from friends with regret is a sign of disappointment: if a girl dreams that her lover is going away anywhere and she feels bad when he takes his leave it predicts that he will not "go raving distracted with delight" the next time he comes to see her and she will consequently be disappointed at his supposed coolness; but all this may not amount to anything more than to make her feel bad for the time being. To hear a serenade in your dream, you will have pleasant news from absent friends, and your anticipations will not fail you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 28th of April\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! In the only dream I remember, I was in a slaughter-house and then I was dying. This portends the following: "To dream of being in an empty slaughter-house shows that you are in danger but can avoid it by precaution. To dream of seeing any of your people dead, warns you of coming dissolution or sorrow."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 29th of April\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day bleeding. I slept incredible poorly. I had this dream I was offering. "To bring or make an offering, foretells that you will be cringing and hypocritical unless you cultivate higher views of duty."\par
\par
\b Monday the 30th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly for once. Thus I dreamed I happened to be buried alive. "To wealthy people it is a sign of addition to their wealth."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 1st of May\b0\par
I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was hating a nurse. Then I dreamed I was laughing. "To dream that you hate any particular person is a sign that he or she has been talking bad about you. To dream that a nurse is retained in your home, foretells distressing illness, or unlucky visiting among friends. To hear the happy laughter of children, means joy and health to the dreamer." I feel strangely good about this...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 2nd of May\b0\par
I slept fitfully unsurprisingly. I dreamed I suddenly became bigamous in a quarry. "To a woman, it predicts that she will suffer dishonor unless very discreet. To dream of being in a quarry and seeing the workmen busy, denotes that you will advance by hard labor."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 3rd of May\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly! I didn't write down my dream because a bird tapped at the window waking me.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 4th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby. Thus I dreamed of fishhooks. The fishhooks were intemperant. "To dream of fishhooks, denotes that you have opportunities to make for yourself a fortune and an honorable name if you rightly apply them. If you are intemperate in love, or other passions, you will reap disease or loss of fortune and esteem."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 5th of May\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual. I dreamed of turkish baths. The turkish baths were dancing. Behold: "To dream of taking a Turkish bath, foretells that you will seek health far from your home and friends, but you will have much pleasurable enjoyment. To dream that you are dancing at a ball, wake, or entertainment, foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long absent friend, and that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy; for it foretells success and happiness in love; that your sweetheart is kind." Just my luck!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 6th of May\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was burning some dead in a quarry. "To dream of burning doth imply,. To dream of the dead, is usually a dream of warning. An idle quarry, signifies failure, disappointment, and often death."\par
\par
\b Monday the 7th of May\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a quagmire. "To dream of being in a quagmire, implies your inability to meet obligations."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 8th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! In my sleep I dreamed I was in love. "If you dream of another loving you, you will pass through life alone and unsought." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 9th of May\b0\par
I slept restlessly as per usual. I dreamed I was in poverty. Expert opinion holds: "To dream of being in poverty, signifies good to some, but cross fortune to those that make commodity of their tongue and fair speech."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 10th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was in a dungeon. Translation: "For a woman this is a dark foreboding; by her wilful indiscretion she will lose her position among honorable people."\par
\par
\b Friday the 11th of May\b0\par
I slept like a log unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was mourning. "To dream that you wear mourning, omens ill luck and unhappiness."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 12th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! In the only dream I remember, I was wading a valley. "If a girl dreams of wading in clear water it is a sign that she will soon marry and be delighted with her husband's embraces: if she imagines that the water is rily or muddy it foretells that she will enjoy the pleasures of illicit love. To find yourself walking through green and pleasant valleys, foretells great improvements in business, and lovers will be happy and congenial."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 13th of May\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was weeding a daisy. "To see others weeding, you will be fearful that enemies will upset your plans. To dream of a bunch of daisys, implies sadness, but if you dream of being in a field where these lovely flowers are in bloom, with the sun shining and birds singing, happiness, health and prosperity will vie each with the other to lead you through the pleasantest avenues of life."\par
\par
\b Monday the 14th of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I saw these aches and a jig. "To dream that you have aches, denotes that you are halting too much in your business, and that some other person is profiting by your ideas. To dream of dancing a jig with a lady is a sign she is in love with you or is pleased with you; and if you like her you may go in at once for her favor with much confidence."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 15th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a feast was whitewashing me in a comedy. "If you dream of feasting at a friend's house or eating with him anywhere it shows you will make a new acquaintance through his means. To dream that you are whitewashing, foretells that you will seek to reinstate yourself with friends by ridding yourself of offensive habits and companions. To dream of seeing a comedy, is significant of light pleasures and pleasant tasks."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 16th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I owned some negroes and a vermin. "It is not good to dream of negroes, unless they be singing or dancing, or otherwise making merry. Vermin crawling in your dreams, signifies sickness and much trouble."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 17th of May\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, a fatigue was riding a kangaroo whilst I was flying. "To dream you are very much fatigued portends that you will be successful in business but it is a sign of sickness. To see a kangaroo in your dreams, you will outwit a wily enemy who seeks to place you in an unfavorable position before the public and the person you are striving to win. To dream you are riding, if it be with a woman, is very fortunate.To dream you are flying is a very excellent omen; if you are in love your sweetheart will be true to you; and if you marry you will have many children who will all do very well and be happy."\par
\par
\b Friday the 18th of May\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual! I had this dream I was in an inn leading me to be bleeding. "It denotes poverty and want of success in undertakings; expect soon to be yourself, or some of your family, committed to prison. To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 19th of May\b0\par
I slept very well! In the only dream I remember, I was vomiting. "To dream of vomiting is usually a sign of health: if you imagine that you vomit up worms it foretells that you will have good luck in preventing a loss or a robbery."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 20th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was brewing. "To dream of being in a vast brewing establishment, means unjust persecution by public officials, but you will eventually prove your innocence and will rise far above your persecutors."\par
\par
\b Monday the 21st of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was leaving some blackberries. Behold: "To dream of bidding cheerful adieus to people, denotes that you will make pleasant visits and enjoy much social festivity; but if they are made in a sad or doleful strain, you will endure loss and bereaving sorrow. To dream of blackberries denotes many ills." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 22nd of May\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed a trout was stealing a nose whilst I was cruel. "To dream of catching trout is an excellent omen as it foretells that you will get money-the larger the trout the more cash you will receive. To see your own nose, indicates force of character, and consciousness of your ability to accomplish whatever enterprise you may choose to undertake. To dream that you are accused of stealing something, is an indication that you will have a handsome present given you.To dream of cruelty being shown you, foretells you will have trouble and disappointment in some dealings."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 23rd of May\b0\par
I slept well. I didn't record my dream because my spouse woke me in the morning.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 24th of May\b0\par
I had this dream I was divorcing some riddles during night. And so: "To dream of being divorced, denotes that you are not satisfied with your companion, and should cultivate a more congenial atmosphere in the home life. To dream that you are trying to solve riddles, denotes you will engage in some enterprise which will try your patience and employ your money. If you are surrounded by night in your dreams, you may expect unusual oppression and hardships in business." As thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 25th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a mask was disputing an illness in underground whilst I was single. "To dream you see a person wearing a mask is a sign of hypocrisy; to the lover it shows that his sweetheart loves some one better than himself; to a girl it signifies that her lover is engaged to another. To dream that you are ill and confined to your bed is a sign that some one will overreach you in a bargain or cheat you in some way. To dream of holding disputes over trifles, indicates bad health and unfairness in judging others. To dream of being in an underground habitation, you are in danger of losing reputation and fortune.For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 26th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was in Asia and then I was overturned. "To dream of visiting Asia is assurance of change, but no material benefits from fortune will follow. If a woman dreams she be overturned while riding, it is ominous that she shall be greatly distressed for a short time."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 27th of May\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because I mislaid this diary.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 28th of May\b0\par
I slept fitfully for once. I had this dream I saw lots of arms. "To dream your arms are withered or lean denotes affliction sickness and poverty; and if a woman she is in danger of being a widow."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 29th of May\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was colliding. In the only dream I remember, I was shaving a ball. The sages say the following: "To the tradesman, it denotes loss of goods and business; to the sailor, an unpleasant and stormy voyage; to the farmer, it prefigures bad crops and diseases amongst his live stock. A very satisfactory omen, if beautiful and gaily-dressed people are dancing to the strains of entrancing music."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 30th of May\b0\par
I dreamed a rye was walking a spirit or specter whilst I was in danger. From the dictionaries: "To dream of this grain is a sign you will be fortunate in money matters; it also foretells success in love affairs: to the married it foreshadows domestic happiness. To see spirits in a dream, denotes that some unexpected trouble will confront you. To dream one is walking in the dirt, or among thorns, signifies sickness.If you are in love, your prospects will grow discouraging."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 31st of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully. Thus I dreamed I was sliding some oranges in underground. Looking it up: "To dream of sliding, portends disappointments in affairs, and sweethearts will break vows. Seeing a number of orange trees in a healthy condition, bearing ripe fruit, is a sign of health and prosperous surroundings. To dream of riding on an underground railway, foretells that you will engage in some peculiar speculation which will contribute to your distress and anxiety."\par
\par
\b Friday the 1st of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! I dreamed I was baking a laundry in quarantine. "For a woman to dream she is baking bread foretells thrift. To dream of laundering clothes, denotes struggles, but a final victory in winning fortune. To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 2nd of June\b0\par
I slept fitfully the whole night through. I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was shooting a lawt. Then I dreamed I was suffering bronchitis. "To the lover, it shows a mistress kind and good humored, who will make him an excellent and notable wife. To dream of instituting a suit at law or entering a criminal complaint against any one shows that some enemy will injure you pecuniarily or that you will lose money by speculation or trade; if you dream you are sued or prosecuted criminally the sign is the reverse; you will probably receive money unexpectedly or be uncommonly successful in your pursuits. To dream that you are affected with bronchitis, foretells you will be detained from pursuing your views and plans by unfortunate complications of sickness in your home."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 3rd of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a license was conjuring me making me single. "To dream of a license, is an omen of disputes and loss. To dream that you are in a hypnotic state or under the power of others, portends disastrous results, for your enemies will enthrall you; but if you hold others under a spell you will assert decided will power in governing your surroundings.For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Monday the 4th of June\b0\par
I dreamed a nightcap was buying a failure whilst I was bleeding. "For a girl to dream that she forgot to take off her nightcap but received company in it is a sign she will be kissed by a strange gentleman or that some stranger will be smitten by her charms: if a married woman dreams this it foretells that her husband will be jealous of her and perhaps not without cause. For a lover, this is sometimes of contrary significance. To dream you buy all sorts of things that one uses is good; to buy that which is only for victuals and relief is good for the poor; but to the rich it signifies expenses and great charges.To dream of bleeding, denotes death by horrible accidents and malicious reports about you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 5th of June\b0\par
I slept like a log, such is my fate. In the only dream I remember, I had some tooth-picks and a tank. "To dream of tooth-picks, foretells that small anxieties, and spites will harass you unnecessarily if you give them your attention. To dream of a tank, foretells you will be prosperous and satisfied beyond your expectations."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 6th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a nightmare. "To dream of being attacked with this hideous sensation, denotes wrangling and failure in business."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 7th of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in the presence of these bees. "Bees signify pleasant and profitable engagements."\par
\par
\b Friday the 8th of June\b0\par
I had this dream of handkerchiefs. The handkerchiefs were yawning. "To dream of handkerchiefs, denotes flirtations and contingent affairs. Sickness will prevent them from their usual labors." How portentious...\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 9th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a rape was parting me during April. "If a female it is a sign that some one of the opposite sex is in love with her: if she is married the dream alludes to some man other than her husband. If you part with enemies, it is a sign of success in love and business. To dream of the month of April, signifies that much pleasure and profit will be your allotment." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 10th of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less. In my sleep I dreamed of vessels. The vessels were birding. "To dream of vessels, denotes labor and activity. To dream you catch birds, signifies profit and pleasure."\par
\par
\b Monday the 11th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I saw lots of infernal things. "If any one dreams that he sees the devil, or any other infernal spirit or representation, it is a very bad dream, bringing along with it to those sick, death, and to the healthy, melancholy, anger and violent sickness." I don't like this!!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 12th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly. I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was separating a ship. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of ships, foretells honor and unexpected elevation to ranks above your mode of life. To dream that you are buried alive."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 13th of June\b0\par
I slept well. In my sleep I dreamed I was commanding a fox. "To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority. To dream of this crafty animal is the forerunner of much difficulty."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 14th of June\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. Thus I dreamed I was in Niagara and then I was swimming. "As every one has heard of this great cataract and multitudes have seen it it is not strange that a good many people dream of going there: such a dream is a sign that you will be embarrassed in company by a sensation of some kind. To dream you are swimming with your head under water, shows that you will experience some great trouble and hear some very unpleasant news from a person you thought dead."\par
\par
\b Friday the 15th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed I was polishing some olive trees. And so: "To dream of polishing any article, high attainments will place you in enviable positions. Dreaming that you see an olive tree with olives, denotes peace, delight, concord, liberty, dignity, and fruition of your desires."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 16th of June\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, I was lending. "To lend other articles, denotes impoverishment through generosity."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 17th of June\b0\par
I dreamed a catechism was sailing a pilgrim whilst I was starving. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of the catechism, foretells that you will be offered a lucrative position, but the strictures will be such that you will be worried as to accepting it. To dream of pilgrims, denotes that you will go on an extended journey, leaving home and its dearest objects in the mistaken idea that it must be thus for their good. To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome .To dream of being in a starving condition, portends unfruitful labors and a dearth of friends."\par
\par
\b Monday the 18th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was jumping. And so: "To jump down from a wall, denotes reckless speculations and disappointment in love."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 19th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was completing some horns. "To dream of completing a task or piece of work, denotes that you will have acquired a competency early in life, and that you can spend your days as you like and wherever you please. To see horns on the head of another person danger to the dreamer on your own wealth and importance."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 20th of June\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be contemptuous. Interpretation: "To dream that you are held in contempt by others, you will succeed in winning their highest regard, and will find yourself prosperous and happy."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 21st of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I didn't record my dream because I couldn't find my pen in time.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 22nd of June\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly. I dreamed I spent the whole dream consumptive. "To dream that you have consumption, denotes that you are exposing yourself to danger."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 23rd of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I didn't remember my dream because I fell into a dreamless slumber moments after awaking.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 24th of June\b0\par
I slept well as per usual. Thus I dreamed I held some woods and a cotton cap. Lo: "To dream of woods, brings a natural change in your affairs. It is a good dream, denoting many sincere friends."\par
\par
\b Monday the 25th of June\b0\par
I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was climbing an opulence. Then I dreamed I was blind. "To dream that you are climbing up a tree, denotes that you will be successful in life. For a young woman to dream that she lives in fairy like opulence, denotes that she will be deceived, and will live for a time in luxurious ease and splendor, to find later that she is mated with shame and poverty. To dream of being blind is a sure sign that you repose your confidence in some person who is your bitter enemy; it denotes also that your sweetheart is unfaithful and prefers another; in business it denotes that you will lose money, and that your servants lack fidelity."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 26th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was ironing an influence. It is written: "To dream of ironing, denotes domestic comforts and orderly business. If you dream of seeking rank or advancement through the influence of others, your desires will fail to materialize; but if you are in an influential position, your prospects will assume a bright form."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 27th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of bottles. The bottles were single. My fate is: "To dream of bottles is a good sign; to a man success in business; to a maid speedy marriage; if they are broken they signify sorrow. If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 28th of June\b0\par
I dreamed a present was vomiting me in a masquerade. "To dream of receiving a present is usually a sign of disappointment; but if a married woman dreams that she is presented with fruit it shows that she will soon become pregnant: if a girl imagines she is presented by her lover with gold jewelry it predicts that he covets the possession of her person rather than her heart. To dream of vomiting is usually a sign of health: if you imagine that you vomit up worms it foretells that you will have good luck in preventing a loss or a robbery. To dream of attending a masquerade, denotes that you will indulge in foolish and harmful pleasures to the neglect of business and domestic duties."\par
\par
\b Friday the 29th of June\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm scared. In the only dream I remember, I was sowing. "To see others sowing, much business activity is portended, which will bring gain to all."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 30th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in a laboratory. "If you think yourself an alchemist, and try to discover a process to turn other things into gold, you will entertain far-reaching and interesting projects, but you will fail to reach the apex of your ambition."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 1st of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully. I had this dream I was beheading some shaking hands. "To dream of being beheaded, overwhelming defeat or failure in some undertaking will soon follow. For a young woman to dream that she shakes hands with some prominent ruler, foretells she will be surrounded with pleasures and distinction from strangers."\par
\par
\b Monday the 2nd of July\b0\par
I dreamed I was in a laboratory leading me to be burned. "Wealth will prove a myth, and the woman you love will hold a false position towards you. Persians and."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 3rd of July\b0\par
I slept restlessly. Thus I dreamed a janitor was leaking a mad in a school whilst I was single. "To dream of a janitor, denotes bad management and disobedient children. To dream you are mad, and that you are in company with mad people, is very good to the dreamer. To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. To dream of attending school is a sign of advancement and good fortune: if you dream of studying and succeed well it shadows forth that you will rise to a position in society above your present one: if you find it difficult to learn you will have trouble in getting along but will rise at last.For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 4th of July\b0\par
I slept well. In the only dream I remember, I was disputing a coffin. "To dream of disputing with learned people, shows that you have some latent ability, but are a little sluggish in developing it. To dream of one denotes the death of a friend or some near relation."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 5th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an intoxication was reaping me in a brothel. I liked this interpretation: "To dream of intoxication, denotes that you are cultivating your desires for illicit pleasures. To dream of reaping grain is an excellent omen as it foretells thrift and abundance as well as plenty of money in gold; this applies to a prolific field of ripe yellow grain; if the grain is meagre and looks rusty the sign is entirely different as it betokens scarcity and penury. To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence."\par
\par
\b Friday the 6th of July\b0\par
I slept very well. In the only dream I remember, I was hating during daybreak. "To dream of hatred or being hated, whether of friends or enemies, is ill. Good fortune in every thing you undertake."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 7th of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully for once! I dreamed I was burning. "A sudden danger, ripe and nigh;."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 8th of July\b0\par
I had this dream I was blaspheming some carrots. This is what I've come up with: "If you dream that you are cursing it foretells bad fortune; if you are cursed all your expectations will be fulfilled. To dream of carrots, signifies profit and strength to them which are at law for inheritance; for we pluck them out of the ground with our hands, branches, strings and veins."\par
\par
\b Monday the 9th of July\b0\par
I slept like a baby the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was racing. The sages say the following: "To dream you are running a race, is a token of good; presages much success in life, and that you will speedily hear some joyful news."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 10th of July\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I dreamed I suddenly became arrested. The books say: "If they resist the officers, you will have great delight in pushing to completion the new enterprise."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 11th of July\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed I was rising some flowers in a cemetery. "To dream of rising to high positions, denotes that study and advancement will bring you desired wealth. To dream you are gathering flowers, is a very favorable omen. For young people to dream of wandering through the silent avenues of the dead foreshows they will meet with tender and loving responses from friends, but will have to meet sorrows that friends are powerless to avert."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 12th of July\b0\par
I had this dream I saw these water. "To dream you are drinking water, denotes great trouble and adversity."\par
\par
\b Friday the 13th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I owned lots of calves and a jew's-harp. Therefore: "To dream of calves peacefully grazing on a velvety lawn, foretells to the young, happy, festive gatherings and enjoyment. To dream of a Jew's-harp, foretells you will experience a slight improvement in your affairs."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 14th of July\b0\par
I slept very well, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed there existed these quinces and a barber. "To dream of quinces is an excellent omen: if you imagine you are gathering quinces from trees full of fine-looking yellow ones it predicts that you will get just so much yellow gold which will be a fortune. To dream of a barber denotes losses."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 15th of July\b0\par
I had this dream I owned some evil spirits. "To dream evil spirits obstruct your doing good under a show of devotion, denotes obstruction in your affairs by a hypocrite; and if you dream that you see hideous physiognomies, something vulgar will be revealed to you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 16th of July\b0\par
I dreamed I was leaping some roses. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream of seeing roses blooming and fragrant, denotes that some joyful occasion is nearing, and you will possess the faithful love of your sweetheart."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 17th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed there was these gas. "If you dream of bright and pleasant gas-lights it shows success in love matters."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 18th of July\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In the only dream I remember, I was kissing a rent. "To dream that you see children kissing, denotes happy reunions in families and satisfactory work. To dream that you rent a house, is a sign that you will enter into new contracts, which will prove profitable."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 19th of July\b0\par
I slept peacefully for once! I recall two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was parting a truss. Then I dreamed I was flying. According to the books: "To dream of parting from friends with regret is a sign of disappointment: if a girl dreams that her lover is going away anywhere and she feels bad when he takes his leave it predicts that he will not "go raving distracted with delight" the next time he comes to see her and she will consequently be disappointed at his supposed coolness; but all this may not amount to anything more than to make her feel bad for the time being. To see a truss in your dream, your ill health and unfortunate business engagements are predicted. It foretells elevation of fortune." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 20th of July\b0\par
I had two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was undressing a chilblain. Then I dreamed I was bleating. "To see your wife undress signifies wantonness; to undress in the presence of others slander; to undress in your room alone the discovery of secrets. To dream of suffering with chilblains, denotes that you will be driven into some bad dealing through over anxity\{sic\} of a friend or partner. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 21st of July\b0\par
I had this dream I was starching a fatigue. Lo and behold: "To dream you are starching linen, shows you will be married to an industrious person, and you will be successful in life and save money. To dream you are very much fatigued portends that you will be successful in business but it is a sign of sickness."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 22nd of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly! In the only dream I remember, I was laughing during October. "To dream of laughing violently, betokens sorrow and weeping. You will also make new acquaintances which will ripen into lasting friendships."\par
\par
\b Monday the 23rd of July\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed a crawl was racing me and then I was bleeding. "To dream that you are crawling on the floor is bad; but to dream that you are crawling on the roof of a house is good, particularly to the lovers, as it is a sure sign they will be married. In love, it denotes that you will conquer all your rivals, and be happy in the union with the object of your affections.To dream you see another bleeding, indicates that some person who pretends to be your friend is about to take some great advantage of you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 24th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a favor was chastising a lantern whilst I was yawning. "If you dream that you ask a favor of a friend and he grants it it foretells that he has been talking about you; but if he refuses it it shows that some other person has spoken ill of you to him. To dream of carrying a lantern in a dark night is a good sign provided you have no difficulty in finding your way for it shows that you will easily accomplish some fortunate object you may have in view; if you stumble or have difficulty in finding your way with the lantern it denotes trouble and vexation though success will be achieved at last. To dream that you administer chastisement to another, signifies that you will have an ill-tempered partner either in business or marriage.If you yawn in your dreams, you will search in vain for health and contentment."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 25th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of pickles. The pickles were affluent. "If a girl dreams of eating pickles it is a sign some old bachelor will kiss her: if a young man dreams of pickles he will be beloved by a maid older than himself and probably of a sour and crabbed temper. To young women, a vision of weird and fairy affluence is ominous of illusive and evanescent pleasure."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 26th of July\b0\par
I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was shooting a fox. Then I dreamed I was naked. "To the tradesman and farmer, success and riches. To dream of chasing a fox, denotes that you are en gaging in doubtful speculations and risky love affairs. To dream that you are naked, foretells scandal and unwise engagements."\par
\par
\b Friday the 27th of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less. Thus I dreamed I was leaking an illness. "To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. Such a dream is a bad omen to loves as it predicts false vows." I'm not sure how this portends...\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 28th of July\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was quilting a fly-trap. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "If a lady dreams of going to a quilting party it foretells for her and her family thrift and good luck: gentlemen who dream of being much entertained at such a party will have the very best success in love matters. To see a fly-trap in a dream, is signal of malicious designing against you. For a man to dream he is buried alive, signifies he shall have much wealth." I want to go back to bed!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 29th of July\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm successful. I dreamed of goggles. The goggles were in danger. "To dream of goggles, is a warning of disreputable companions who will wheedle you into lending your money foolishly. To dream of being in danger shows success in life; to shun it misfortune ."\par
\par
\b Monday the 30th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was mourning some hogs. "To see people dressed in black and be among them foretells an invitation to a wedding or to be present at a marriage ceremony. To dream of seeing fat, strong-looking hogs, foretells brisk changes in business and safe dealings."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 31st of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I had this dream I was in Niagara and I became offensive. "As every one has heard of this great cataract and multitudes have seen it it is not strange that a good many people dream of going there: such a dream is a sign that you will be embarrassed in company by a sensation of some kind. To dream of being offended, denotes that errors will be detected in your conduct, which will cause you inward rage while attempting to justify yourself."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 1st of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less. In the only dream I remember, I was assisting. "Giving assistance to any one in a dream, foretells you will be favored in your efforts to rise to higher position."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 2nd of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was riding. "If you are in trade, business will decay."\par
\par
\b Friday the 3rd of August\b0\par
I had this dream I happened to be offensive. And so: "To give offense, predicts for you many struggles before reaching your aims."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 4th of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully. Thus I dreamed I suddenly became intemperant. The sages say the following: "For a young woman to thus dream, she will lose a lover and incur the displeasure of close friends." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 5th of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. I didn't write down my dream because someone knocked on my door.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 6th of August\b0\par
I slept well the whole night through. I dreamed I was in a quagmire. "To see others thus situated, denotes that the failures of others will be felt by you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 7th of August\b0\par
I had this dream a pimple was christening me in rain and then I was called. "To dream of your flesh being full of pimples, denotes worry over trifles. To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. It denotes constancy, affection and sweet temper.To hear your name called in a dream by strange voices, denotes that your business will fall into a precarious state, and that strangers may lend you assistance, or you may fail to meet your obligations."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 8th of August\b0\par
I dreamed I was swimming. "In trade, it shows loss of business." This is what I expected...\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 9th of August\b0\par
I had this dream I was christening some cherries during April. "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. To dream of cherries, denotes you will gain popularity by your amiability and unselfishness. If the weather is miserable, it is a sign of passing ill luck."\par
\par
\b Friday the 10th of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully unsurprisingly. I dreamed of fables. The fables were hanged. "To dream of reading or telling fables, denotes pleasant tasks and a literary turn of mind. To dream of seeing people hanged, or that you are going to be hanged yourself, denotes that you will rise above your present condition by marriage."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 11th of August\b0\par
I didn't record my dream because I completely forgot.\par
 I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 12th of August\b0\par
I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was rising a pancake. Then I dreamed I was overturned. "If you find yourself rising high into the air, you will come into unexpected riches and pleasures, but you are warned to be careful of your engagements, or you may incur displeasing prominence. To dream of eating pancakes, denotes that you will have excellent success in all enterprises undertaken at this time. For a man to have this dream, denotes that some animal to which he is attached will sicken and perhaps die."\par
\par
\b Monday the 13th of August\b0\par
I slept very well for once! I had this dream I suddenly became contemptuous in a nightmare during March. "But if the contempt is merited, your exile from business or social circles is intimated. For a young woman, this is a dream prophetic of disappointment and unmerited slights. To dream of the month of March, portends disappointing returns in business, and some woman will be suspicious of your honesty."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 14th of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly. I dreamed I happened to be called. "To hear the voice of a friend or relative, denotes the desperate illness of some one of them, and may be death; in the latter case you may be called upon to stand as guardian over some one, in governing whom you should use much discretion."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 15th of August\b0\par
I had this dream a wreck was burning me. "To dream that you are witnessing the wreck of some vessel at a short distance from the sea-shore, is an indication that one in whom you reposed great confidence will deceive you. To see in your dream one or more houses burning but not wholly destroyed signifies for the poor that they will become rich and for the rich man that his riches will be augmented; but if the fire is furious and the houses fall down the dreamer may expect losses disappointments shame and death." Well well well!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 16th of August\b0\par
I slept very well, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was weaving some entrails in a tannery. "To dream that you are weaving, denotes that you will baffle any attempt to defeat you in the struggle for the up-building of an honorable fortune. This is a good dream for the poor but to the rich it portends loss of riches. To dream of being in a tannery is a sign of health and riches: if a girl dreams that her beau is a tanner she will probably get a good husband and one who is well off and will live to a good old age for your tanners are usually tough customers."\par
\par
\b Friday the 17th of August\b0\par
I slept well for once. In the only dream I remember, of deer. The deer were singing. "If you see these animals in your dream it shows that you will hear some unexpected news-no matter what-perhaps a marriage a death an accident or a legacy has been left to you; or that some one is in love with you. To hear singing in your dreams, betokens a cheerful spirit and happy companions."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 18th of August\b0\par
I dreamed an ass was mining me. "To dream you hear an ass bray shows you will meet with some loss; to see an ass run signifies misfortune. To see mining in your dreams, denotes that an enemy is seeking your ruin by bringing up past immoralities in your life."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 19th of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In the only dream I remember, of fits. The fits were bleeding. "To dream of having fits, denotes that you will fall a prey to ill health and will lose employment. To dream you draw blood of another, denotes that you will recover a lawsuit and be successful in love and business."\par
\par
\b Monday the 20th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log more or less! I had this dream I was moving some parables. "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him. To dream of parables, denotes that you will be undecided as to the best course to pursue in dissenting to some business complication."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 21st of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully the whole night through! I dreamed a carrot was ascending me in Asia. Interpretation: "To dream of carrots, portends prosperity and health. If you reach the extreme point of ascent, or top of steps, without stumbling, it is good; otherwise, you will have obstacles to overcome before the good of the day is found. To dream of visiting Asia is assurance of change, but no material benefits from fortune will follow."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 22nd of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of cars. The cars were bleeding. Looking it up: "To dream of seeing cars, denotes journeying and changing in quick succession. To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 23rd of August\b0\par
I had this dream I was leaping a forest. "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream that you find yourself in a dense forest, denotes loss in trade, unhappy home influences and quarrels among families."\par
\par
\b Friday the 24th of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I dreamed a veranda was weeping me in rain making me angry. "To dream of being on a veranda, denotes that you are to be successful in some affair which is giving you anxiety. Weeping in your dreams, foretells ill tidings and disturbances in your family. If it be very heavy rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning, then expect to be assailed by thieves.To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 25th of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was burning. "Of all escapes you then beware,." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 26th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was burning a tripe. "To dream you burn yourself is a sign the malice of a stupid enemy will be foiled. If a woman dreams of cleaning tripe it foretells that she will either be untrue to her husband or an outrage will be perpetrated upon her: to dream of eating tripe is about as bad for it shows to a man that he will be engaged in some affair with a female which will bring him to disgrace."\par
\par
\b Monday the 27th of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was separating a mariner. "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream that you are a mariner, denotes a long journey to distant countries, and much pleasure will be connected with the trip."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 28th of August\b0\par
I dreamed a bath was divorcing a golf in a comedy whilst I was blind. "For a young person to dream of taking a bath, means much solicitude for one of the opposite sex, fearing to lose his good opinion through the influence of others. To be playing golf or watching the game, denotes that pleasant and successive wishing will be indulged in by you. It is a dream of warning. To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer.To dream of being blind is a sure sign that you repose your confidence in some person who is your bitter enemy; it denotes also that your sweetheart is unfaithful and prefers another; in business it denotes that you will lose money, and that your servants lack fidelity."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 29th of August\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day swimming. In the only dream I remember, I was sawing some dogs in an inn. "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked. To see dogs on the chase of foxes, and other large game, denotes an unusual briskness in all affairs. If you are sick, it denotes you will never recover."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 30th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed of preserves. The preserves were coughing. "To dream that you make or eat them foretells the acquisition of much money and property also health and happiness. To dream that you are aggravated by a constant cough indicates a state of low health; but one from which you will recuperate if care is observed in your habits."\par
\par
\b Friday the 31st of August\b0\par
I slept restlessly more or less! I had this dream I was beating a magic. "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream of accomplishing any design by magic, indicates pleasant surprises."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I dreamed I was one-eyed. "To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly as per usual. I dreamed two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was beheading a rattle. Then I dreamed I was affrighted. "To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you. To dream of seeing a baby play with its rattle, omens peaceful contentment in the home, and enterprises will be honorable and full of gain. To dream that you are affrighted, foretells that you will sustain an injury through an accident."\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of September\b0\par
I recall two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was counting a profit. Then I dreamed I was laughing. "To dream of counting your children, and they are merry and sweet-looking, denotes that you will have no trouble in controlling them, and they will attain honorable places. If a man dreams that he made a large and liberal profit by any transaction or speculation it foretells losses and disaster. To laugh at the discomfiture of others, denotes that you will wilfully injure your friends to gratify your own selfish desires."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably for once. In my sleep I dreamed a duet was weeping a raffle whilst I was hanged. Lo and behold: "To dream of hearing a duet played, denotes a peaceful and even existence for lovers. Raffling in your dream is the same as gambling; it foretells poverty and disgrace: to dream of raffling for poultry is a sign that your family will want bread; if you are single it shows that you will be apt to get seedy and loaferish. To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth.To dream of being hanged is an excellent omen as it foretells that you will become either rich or distinguished."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I happened to be singing in Europe. "If any one dreams he sings, it signifies he will be affected and weep. Europe, foretells that you will soon go on a long journey, which will avail you in the knowledge you gain of the manners and customs of foreign people."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of September\b0\par
I dreamed an ideal was reaping me and I became buried alive. "For a young woman to dream of meeting her ideal, foretells a season of uninterrupted pleasure and contentment. To dream of reaping grain is an excellent omen as it foretells thrift and abundance as well as plenty of money in gold; this applies to a prolific field of ripe yellow grain; if the grain is meagre and looks rusty the sign is entirely different as it betokens scarcity and penury.denotes that you are about to make a great mistake, which your opponents will quickly turn to your injury."\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. Thus I dreamed a sparrow was slighting a morocco in a tannery whilst I was bigamous. "To dream of sparrows, denotes that you will be surrounded with love and comfort, and this will cause you to listen with kindly interest to tales of woe, and your benevolence will gain you popularity. To see morocco in your dreams, foretells that you will receive substantial aid from unexpected sources. To dream of slighting any person or friend, denotes that you will fail to find happiness, as you will cultivate a morose and repellent bearing. To dream of being in a tannery is a sign of health and riches: if a girl dreams that her beau is a tanner she will probably get a good husband and one who is well off and will live to a good old age for your tanners are usually tough customers.For a man to commit bigamy, denotes loss of manhood and failing mentality."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was churning some rabbits in a coalpit. "To dream of churning, you will have difficult tasks set you, but by diligence and industry you will accomplish them and be very prosperous. To dream that you are among rabbits, denotes that, if you are a married person, you will have a numerous family of healthy children. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was chastising a mushroom. "For parents to dream of chastising their children, indicates they will be loose in their manner of correcting them, but they will succeed in bringing them up honorably. To dream you eat mushrooms is a sign you will live to a good old age but to dream you see them grow or gather them is a sign you will get rich by a splendid speculation and then get poor as suddenly as you got wealthy."\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in a crowd. "To see a crowd in a church, denotes that a death will be likely to affect you, or some slight unpleasantness may develop."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through. I had this dream I had lots of scorpions. "To dream you see scorpions, signifies ill luck and misfortunes."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a bank was quilting me in a quarry leading me to be vexed. "If you dream you go to a large bank and have money there it is a sign that you will be poor at some future period of your life. If a lady dreams of going to a quilting party it foretells for her and her family thrift and good luck: gentlemen who dream of being much entertained at such a party will have the very best success in love matters. To dream of being in a quarry and seeing the workmen busy, denotes that you will advance by hard labor.If you think some person is vexed with you, it is a sign that you will not shortly reconcile some slight misunderstanding."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I had this dream I was burning a sugar. The sages write: "For though fate threatens, it may spare. To dream of sugar, denotes that you will be hard to please in your domestic life, and will entertain jealousy while seeing no cause for aught but satisfaction and secure joys."\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of September\b0\par
I dreamed I was in love making me talking. "To dream of being in love, denotes that you are not susceptible. To hear others talking loudly, foretells that you will be accused of interfering in the affairs of others."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a pillow was squinting a pallet in a coalpit whilst I was single. Expert opinion holds: "To dream of a pillow, denotes luxury and comfort. To dream of a pallet, denotes that you will suffer temporary uneasiness over your love affairs. To dream that you see some person with squinting eyes, denotes that you will be annoyed with unpleasant people. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies.If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of September\b0\par
I slept very well more or less!! In the only dream I remember, I held these beetles. "To dream of seeing them on your person, denotes poverty and small ills." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed an air was walking a boiler whilst I was one-eyed. "To dream of the atmosphere has a variety of interpretations, and depends entirely on its appearance. To dream of seeing a boiler out of repair, signifies you will suffer from bad management or disappointment. To walk in the night brings misadventure, and unavailing struggle for contentment.To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a lance was beheading me. "To dream of a lance, denotes formidable enemies and injurious experiments. To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of September\b0\par
I had this dream I was completing some boils. "For a young woman to dream that she has completed a garment, denotes that she will soon decide on a husband. To dream of a boil running pus and blood, you will have unpleasant things to meet in your immediate future."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in underground. "To dream of being in an underground habitation, you are in danger of losing reputation and fortune."\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of September\b0\par
I had this dream of orphans. The orphans were commiting adultery. "Whoever dreams of orphans will receive profits or riches by the hand of a stranger. It is in most cases a bad omen to dream that you have perpetrated this act."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of September\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed I was afflicting a wife. "To dream that affliction lays a heavy hand upon you and calls your energy to a halt, foretells that some disaster is surely approaching you. If a man dreams he sees his wife married to another, it denotes change of affairs or condition."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became one-eyed. "To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness." I don't like this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of September\b0\par
I slept like a baby the whole night through. I dreamed of asses. The asses were colliding. "To dream you see jackasses, is a good sign. To dream of a collision, you will meet with an accident of a serious type and disappointments in business." As anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of September\b0\par
I slept well for once. I had two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was beheading a conjurer. Then I dreamed I was single. "To see others beheaded, if accompanied by a large flow of blood, death and exile are portended. To dream of a conjuror, denotes unpleasant experience will beset you in your search for wealth and happiness. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of September\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, a fall was delighting an incantation whilst I was scared. Accordingly: "To dream that you sustain a fall, and are much frightened, denotes that you will undergo some great struggle, but will eventually rise to honor and wealth; but if you are injured in the fall, you will encounter hardships and loss of friends. To dream you are using incantations, signifies unpleasantness between husband and wife, or sweethearts. For lovers to be delighted with the conduct of their sweethearts, denotes pleasant greetings.To dream that you are scared by some frightful spectacle, denotes that you will be shortly overjoyed by hearing some pleasing intelligence from one whom you dearly love."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed I was milking some cherubs. "To dream of milking, and it flows in great streams from the udder, while the cow is restless and threatening, signifies you will see great opportunities withheld from you, but which will result in final favor for you. To dream you see cherubs, foretells you will have some distinct joy, which will leave an impression of lasting good upon your life."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I didn't know I was annoyed. "This dream denotes that you have enemies who are at work against you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 29th of September\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was cruel. Thus I dreamed I suddenly became boasting. "To boast to a competitor, foretells that you will be unjust, and will use dishonest means to overcome competition." I know that doesn't make sense...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 30th of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly the whole night through. I dreamed of cards. The cards were clairvoyant. Apparently: "To dream that you are playing at cards is a sure prognostic that you will be in love, and speedily married. To dream of visiting a clairvoyant, foretells unprosperous commercial states and unhappy unions." Not what I thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was tickling some attorneys. "To dream of being tickled, denotes insistent worries and illness. To dream you are speaking with them shows hindrance of business and that it requires much circumspection to insure success in your affairs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of October\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was cheating a register. Then I dreamed I was commiting adultery. "To dream of being cheated in business, you will meet designing people who will seek to close your avenues to fortune. If you register under an assumed name, you will engage in some guilty enterprise which will give you much uneasiness of mind. To dream that you commit adultery, foretells that you will be arrainged for some illegal action."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate! In the only dream I remember, I was reading a vinegar. "To dream you are reading indicates you will be successful in your love; in trade it is particularly propitious; but if it appear to be painful or irksome to read it signifies that you shall not succeed without exertion. To dream of drinking vinegar, denotes that you will be exasperated and worried into assenting to some engagement which will fill you with evil foreboding." I'm not sure how this portends...\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of October\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. I had this dream of alms. The alms were accepted. "Alms will bring evil if given or taken unwillingly. For a business man to dream that his proposition has been accepted, foretells that he will succeed in making a trade, which heretofore looked as if it would prove a failure." This is what I always expected.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of October\b0\par
I slept like a log! I dreamed a ramble was beating me in a wedding. According to the books: "To dream that you are rambling through the country, denotes that you will be oppressed with sadness, and the separation from friends, but your worldly surroundings will be all that one could desire. For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream of being at a jolly wedding is a sign of a funeral: if you imagine that you kiss the bride it foretells the death of a dear friend or relative."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of October\b0\par
I slept peacefully, such is my fate. I had two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was swearing a jelly. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "A lover will have cause to suspect the faithfulness of his affianced after this dream. To dream of having pots of jelly given to you or that you are eating jelly and that plenty of it is around is a sure sign of long life and good fortune generally; as many pots as are given to you or as you may have so many generations will you live to see. To dream that you are buried alive denotes that you will be rich and powerful."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of October\b0\par
I slept like a log. I had this dream I was in a building. "To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face."\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly the whole night through. In my sleep I dreamed I saw lots of quilts. "For a young woman, this dream foretells that her practical and wise business-like ways will advance her into the favorable esteem of a man who will seek her for a wife."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of October\b0\par
I dreamed a candy was buying an apparel in a coalpit whilst I was swelling. "To dream of making candy, denotes profit accruing from industry. Nothing more demonstrates the events that are about to happen to you, than dreaming of wearing apparel; but almost every color has a different interpretation, and must depend on its being new or old, its fitting you, or being too big or too little. To dream you buy all sorts of things that one uses is good; to buy that which is only for victuals and relief is good for the poor; but to the rich it signifies expenses and great charges. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies.To dream that you see yourself swollen, denotes that you will amass fortune, but your egotism will interfere with your enjoyment."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly! In the only dream I remember, I was completing in California. The sages say the following: "To dream of completing a journey, you will have the means to make one whenever you like. If you dream of going there it predicts to you a misfortune; but if in your dream you imagine you are in."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of October\b0\par
I had this dream of tamarinds. The tamarinds were corpulent. Interpretation: "To dream of tamarinds denotes vexation and uneasiness through a woman, bad success in trade, a rainy season and news from beyond the sea that is disagreeable. For a person to dream of being corpulent, indicates to the dreamer bountiful increase of wealth and pleasant abiding places." This will be hard to puzzle out!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of October\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly!! In the only dream I remember, I spent the whole dream boasting in a coal-mine. Accordingly: "To hear boasting in your dreams, you will sincerely regret an impulsive act, which will cause trouble to your friends. To dream of being in a coal-mine or colliery and seeing miners, denotes that some evil will assert its power for your downfall; but if you dream of holding a share in a coal-mine, it denotes your safe investment in some deal."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of October\b0\par
I slept fitfully, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was weighing a pocket-book. "To dream of weighing, denotes that you are approaching a prosperous period, and if you set yourself determinedly toward success you will victoriously reap the full fruition of your labors. To dream of finding a pocket-book full of money is a sign of riches but if it contains no money it foretells a disappointment: if you dream you lose your pocket-book it foreshadows success in business." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I didn't know I was buried alive in an inn. The sages write: "For a man to dream he is buried alive, signifies he shall have much wealth. To the tradesman it shows loss of trade and bad servants."\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of October\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual! In my sleep I dreamed of books. The books were affrighted. This portends the following: "Pleasant pursuits, honor and riches to dream of studying them. To see others affrighted, brings you close to misery and distressing scenes."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of October\b0\par
I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was riding a wafer. Then I dreamed I was bleeding. "To dream you are riding if it be with a woman is unfortunate: in trade decay of business; in love disappointments; but if it be with men then by care the reverse of these things will happen. Wafer, if seen in a dream, purports an encounter with enemies. To dream another draws blood of you, is a certain prognostic that you will be unsuccessful in love and in business, and in everything you undertake."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I dreamed I was brewing and baking during October. "To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business. To imagine you are in October is ominous of gratifying success in your undertakings."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of October\b0\par
I slept well the whole night through!! In the only dream I remember, I was in a school and I became successful. "If you think you are young and at school as in your youth, you will find that sorrow and reverses will make you sincerely long for the simple trusts and pleasures of days of yore. To dream that you have been successful in some enterprise in which you have been engaged, denotes that you will hear of some person's death whom you highly esteemed." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was parting. "To dream of parting from friends with regret is a sign of disappointment: if a girl dreams that her lover is going away anywhere and she feels bad when he takes his leave it predicts that he will not "go raving distracted with delight" the next time he comes to see her and she will consequently be disappointed at his supposed coolness; but all this may not amount to anything more than to make her feel bad for the time being."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of October\b0\par
I slept well as per usual. Thus I dreamed I happened to be flying. "To dream you are flying is a very excellent omen; if you are in love your sweetheart will be true to you; and if you marry you will have many children who will all do very well and be happy."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a puddle was divorcing me during winter. "To find yourself stepping into puddles of clear water in a dream, denotes a vexation, but some redeeming good in the future. For women to dream of divorce, denotes that a single life may be theirs through the infidelity of lovers. After this dream your efforts will not yield satisfactory results."\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was separating in a coalpit. "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies." I feel strangely good about this.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was spinning some stars. "To dream of spinning is good, and shows a person to be diligent and industrious. that she will have a great many children and troops of good friends: to a man of business such a dream denotes as many customers as he sees stars in a clear sky."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was shooting. It is written: "To the sailor, wealth acquired in a distant country."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was blaspheming some hogs" bristles. "If you dream that you are cursing it foretells bad fortune; if you are cursed all your expectations will be fulfilled. To dream that you have hogs" bristles, signifies great and violent dangers."\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of October\b0\par
I dreamed I was stealing a cannon-ball. "To dream that you are accused of stealing something, is an indication that you will have a handsome present given you. This means that secret enemies are uniting against you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of October\b0\par
I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was traveling a sneeze. Then I dreamed I was cruel. "To travel over high hills and mountains and rocky places, signifies advancement, but with much difficulty obtained. To dream you sneeze is a sign of long life. If it is shown to others, there will be a disagreeable task set for others by you, which will contribute to you own loss."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was lying a menagerie in a life-boat. "To dream that you are lying to escape punishment, denotes that you will act dishonorably towards some innocent person. To dream of visiting a menagerie, denotes various troubles. To be lost in a life-boat, you will be overcome with trouble, in which your friends will be included to some extent."\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of October\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm contemptuous. I had this dream an aroma was assisting an ambush whilst I was cruel. "For a young woman to dream of a sweet aroma, denotes she will soon be the recipient of some pleasure or present. To dream that your are atacked\{sic\} from ambush, denotes that you have lurking secretly near you a danger, which will soon set upon and overthrow you if you are heedless of warnings. If any one assists you, you will be pleasantly situated, and loving friends will be near you.To dream of cruelty being shown you, foretells you will have trouble and disappointment in some dealings."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of October\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! Thus I dreamed I was blaspheming some gooseberries. "Blasphemy, denotes an enemy creeping into your life, who under assumed friendship will do you great harm. To dream of gooseberries indicate many children chiefly sons and the accomplishment of your present pursuits."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 31st of October\b0\par
Today it is All Hallow's Eve. It's like I'm currying a horse. In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became bigamous. This was one interpretation: "To a woman, it predicts that she will suffer dishonor unless very discreet."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 1st of November\b0\par
I slept well! I had this dream a fish was leaping me and then I was engaging in commerce. It is written: "To dream of catching fish is a sign of excellent good fortune particularly if you haul up large ones; if the fish fall off your hook it predicts troublesome fortune. To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you.To dream that you are engaged in commerce, denotes you will handle your opportunities wisely and advantageously."\par
\par
\b Friday the 2nd of November\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed I was walking a crowd. "To dream one is walking in the water, or some torrent, signifies adversity and grief. To dream of a large, handsomely dressed crowd of people at some entertainment, denotes pleasant association with friends; but anything occurring to mar the pleasure of the guests, denotes distress and loss of friendship, and unhappiness will be found where profit and congenial intercourse was expected."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 3rd of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in the presence of these cherries. "To eat them, portends possession of some much desired object." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 4th of November\b0\par
I dreamed a moon was painting a petticoat in a slaughter-house whilst I was affronted. "To dream of seeing the moon with the aspect of the heavens remaining normal, prognosticates success in love and business affairs. To dream of seeing new petticoats, denotes that pride in your belongings will make you an object of raillery among your acquaintances. To dream of painting your house is a sign of sickness in the family but at the same time thrift and good luck in business: if in your dream you see a white house newly painted outside you will probably soon be summoned to attend a funeral: to see any other colored house newly painted foretells that you will hear of the sickness of a friend or relative: dreaming of beautiful paintings of landscapes portraits &c is an omen of bad luck and poverty. To see animals slaughtered is a good sign if the blood flow freely; if the blood does not flow you will meet with some accident.This is a bad dream."\par
\par
\b Monday the 5th of November\b0\par
I slept well as per usual. I recall two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was reaping a yankee. Then I dreamed I was single. "To dream of reaping grain is an excellent omen as it foretells thrift and abundance as well as plenty of money in gold; this applies to a prolific field of ripe yellow grain; if the grain is meagre and looks rusty the sign is entirely different as it betokens scarcity and penury. To dream of a Yankee, foretells that you will remain loyal and true to your promise and duty, but if you are not careful you will be outwitted in some transaction. If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower." How portentious!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 6th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream swimming. "To dream you are swimming, with your head above the water, denotes great success in your undertakings, whether they be in love, trade, sea or farming."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 7th of November\b0\par
I slept peacefully! In my sleep I dreamed of needles. The needles were burned. Looking it up: "To dream of needles signifies that you will be grievously injured by the deceit of supposed friends. Egyptians) that he shall be rich, honored and respected; but if he imagines that he was burned by a fire that did not quite consume him, he will inevitably perish in the end."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 8th of November\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less. Thus I dreamed I suddenly became afraid. "To feel that you are afraid to proceed with some affair, or continue a journey, denotes that you will find trouble in your household, and enterprises will be unsuccessful."\par
\par
\b Friday the 9th of November\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I dreamed I was reading a ferry. "To be engaged in reading in your dreams, denotes that you will excel in some work, which appears difficult. To dream of crossing a ferry, signifies that indecision in an important matter will make you the laughing-stock of your friends."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 10th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a need was learning a fox whilst I was yearning. "To dream that you are in need, denotes that you will speculate unwisely and distressing news of absent friends will oppress you. If you are in love, your sweetheart will turn out of a sour, disagreeable, ill-natured disposition. To dream of learning, denotes that you will take great interest in acquiring knowledge, and if you are economical of your time, you will advance far into the literary world.If she lets him know that she is yearning for him, she will be left alone and her longings will grow apace."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 11th of November\b0\par
I had two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was mending a steel. Then I dreamed I was consumptive. "To dream of mending soiled garments, denotes that you will undertake to right a wrong at an inopportune moment; but if the garment be clean, you will be successful in adding to your fortune. To break a piece in a dream shows that you will overcome your enemies; if you only touch it your position in life is secure; if you try to bend it and cannot you will meet with many serious accidents. Remain with your friends."\par
\par
\b Monday the 12th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a firebrand was mourning me. "To dream of a firebrand, denotes favorable fortune, if you are not burned or distressed by it. To dream that you are dressed in mourning for the death of a relative is a sign that a wedding will soon take place in your family or that of some blood relation."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 13th of November\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed I was admiring an itch during August. "To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle. To dream that you have the itch or that your body itches shows that you will shortly receive money. To dream of the month of August, denotes unfortunate deals, and misunderstandings in love affairs."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 14th of November\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. I had this dream I was mending a voyage. Interpretation: "For a young woman to dream of mending, foretells that she will be a systematic help to her husband. To make a voyage in your dreams, foretells that you will receive some inheritance besides that which your labors win for you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 15th of November\b0\par
I slept like a log, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed I had some sores. "To dream of seeing sores, denotes that illness will cause you loss and mental distress."\par
\par
\b Friday the 16th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was leaping some fingers. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream you cut your fingers, if they bleed, is a very good omen."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 17th of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was leaking some ticks. "To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. To dream you see ticks crawling on your flesh, is a sign of impoverished circumstances and ill health."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 18th of November\b0\par
I slept restlessly! I recall two dreams. First I dreamed I was kissing a liquor. Then I dreamed I was bleating. Expert opinion holds: "To dream that you kiss your mother, you will be very successful in your enterprises, and be honored and beloved by your friends. If you dream of seeing large quantities of liquor or of buying brandy rum whisky &c it foretells poverty and disgrace; to dream of drinking it is the same only worse if possible. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Monday the 19th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an orchard was washing a market whilst I was vexed. "Dreaming of passing through leaving and blossoming orchards with your sweetheart, omens a delightful consummation of a long courtship. To dream that you are in a market, denotes thrift and much activity in all occupations. Bowl or.To dream of being much vexed foretells the reverse and that you will shortly be much pleased." I want to go back to bed.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 20th of November\b0\par
I slept fitfully more or less!! In the only dream I remember, a veranda was commanding an embrace whilst I was frightened. From the dictionaries: "For a young woman to be with her lover on a veranda, denotes her early and happy marriage. To dream of embracing relatives is a warning of treachery; if friends disappointments; if one unknown embrace you you will travel; the embrace of a woman brings good luck. To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority.To dream that you are frightened at anything, denotes temporary and fleeting worries."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 21st of November\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. I dreamed I was burning. The sages say the following: "Play your age first."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 22nd of November\b0\par
I slept very well. I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was brewing a city council. Then I dreamed I was hanging above. "To dream of brewing is a sign you should be up and doing; in love it denotes idleness in your sweetheart; if in trade you will sustain losses. To dream of a city council, foretells that your interests will clash with public institutions and there will be discouraging outlooks for you. To see anything hanging above you, and about to fall, implies danger; if it falls upon you it may be ruin or sudden disappointment." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 23rd of November\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was ascending some lambs. "For one to dream they ascend towards the skies is favorable, particularly so if the clouds appear bright. For lovers to dream of young lambs foretells a speedy and happy marriage."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 24th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of confectionary. The confectionary were buried alive. "To dream of impure confectionary, denotes that an enemy in the guise of a friend will enter your privacy and discover secrets of moment to your opponents. If you are rescued from the grave, your struggle will eventually correct your misadventure." I don't pretend to make sense of this!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 25th of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a fireman was leaping a stone mason whilst I was buried alive. "To see a fireman in your dreams, signifies the constancy of your friends. To see stone masons at work while dreaming, foretells disappointment. To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream that you are buried alive."\par
\par
\b Monday the 26th of November\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less! Thus I dreamed I owned these billiards. "Billiards, foretell coming troubles to the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 27th of November\b0\par
I had this dream a yew tree was varnishing me making me laughing. "To dream of a yew tree, is a forerunner of illness and disappointment. To dream that your house or furniture is being or has been newly varnished is a sign of a funeral; but if you imagine that you are varnishing anything it merely foretells a loss with out a death.It also denotes change of circumstances and friends." I feel strangely good about this.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 28th of November\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through. I didn't write down my dream because a baby cried waking me.\par
 I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 29th of November\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day ragged. I slept like a log!! In my sleep I dreamed I was beheading. "To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 30th of November\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In the only dream I remember, a zodiac was stinging a carrot whilst I was contemptuous. "To dream of the zodiac is a prognostication of unparalleled rise in material worth, but also indicates alloyed peace and happiness. For a young woman to eat them, denotes that she will contract an early marriage and be the mother of several hardy children. To dream of being stung by a bee or wasp foretells an injury by unjust and scandalous reports: a young lady who dreams that a bee stings her will probably have her chastity questioned.To dream of being in contempt of court, denotes that you have committed business or social indiscretion and that it is unmerited." How portentious!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of December\b0\par
I had this dream a landau was sliding me. From the dictionaries: "To dream that you ride in a landau, with your friend or sweetheart, denotes that incidents of a light, but pleasant character will pass in rapid succession through your life. If a girl dreams of falling down on the ice and that her lover falls with her and overtops her they may as well go to the parson at once and have the knot tied as it is a sure thing to happen."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in the presence of lots of partridges and an abbot. Thus: "Dreaming of partridges, is a sign that a man shall have to do with women that are malicious, ungrateful, and void of conscience. To dream that you are an abbot, warns you that treacherous plots are being laid for your downfall."\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of December\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was killing. "To dream of killing a defenseless man, prognosticates sorrow and failure in affairs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, there was some nutmegs. "To dream of nutmegs is a sign that many changes will overtake you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was beating a tipsy. "It bodes no good to dream of being beaten by an angry person; family jars and discord are signified. To dream that you are tipsy, denotes that you will cultivate a jovial disposition, and the cares of life will make no serious inroads into your conscience." I don't like this...\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a concert was carrying me. "To dream of a concert of a high musical order, denotes delightful seasons of pleasure, and literary work to the author. To dream that one is carrying another is better than to dream one is carried; to be carried by a woman a child or a poor person means profit and success; by a rich person the contrary."\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of December\b0\par
I slept like a log unsurprisingly! In my sleep I dreamed a myrtle was sliding an odd-fellow whilst I was lucky. "To dream of myrtle is a sign you will receive a declaration of love. To dream of this order, signifies that you will have sincere friends, and misfortune will touch you but lightly. To dream of sliding on smooth ice foretells good luck: if a girl dreams that a young man assists her in sliding and that she enjoys it she will soon get an agreeable lover: ragged or wet ice or holes in the ice foreshadow difficulties.To dream of being lucky, is highly favorable to the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of December\b0\par
I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was mourning a horse. Then I dreamed I was vexed. "If others wear it, there will be disturbing influences among your friends causing you unexpected dissatisfaction and loss. For a woman to dream of riding a horse, it indicates a rise above her present station. If you are vexed in your dreams, you will find many worries scattered through your early awakening."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of December\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream angling. "To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get."\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was kissing a cask. "To kiss a brother or sister, denotes much pleasure and good in your association. To see one filled, denotes prosperous times and feastings." This again!!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was combing a present. Then I dreamed I was angling. "To dream of combing one's hair, denotes the illness or death of a friend or relative. To receive presents in your dreams, denotes that you will be unusually fortunate. To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby! I didn't record my dream because it was completely ineffable.\par
 Just my luck!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of December\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of peaches. The peaches were singing. The books say: "To dream of fine ripe yellow peaches denotes that you will get just so much yellow gold which makes this dream a splendid one for gold-diggers: if the peaches you dream about are very red or look small and wilted it shows that your gold will turn out to be about half copper or that your luck will not amount to much. You are soon to have promising news from the absent."\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of quilts. The quilts were one-eyed. "If the quilts are clean, but having holes in them, she will win a husband who appreciates her worth, but he will not be the one most desired by her for a companion. To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of December\b0\par
I slept peacefully! I had this dream of pictures. The pictures were hanging above. "Pictures appearing before you in dreams, prognosticate deception and the ill will of contemporaries. If it falls near, but misses you, it is a sign that you will have a narrow escape from loss of money, or other misfortunes may follow."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I held these handkerchiefs. "To lose one, omens a broken engagement through no fault of yours." I want to go back to bed...\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I saw some boots. "To dream of new boots and shoes indicates sweethearts to the single and friends to the married; old shoes or boots show separation and dirty or old ones are a sign of poverty and sorrow."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of December\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed I didn't know I was scared. "To dream that you are scared by some frightful spectacle, denotes that you will be shortly overjoyed by hearing some pleasing intelligence from one whom you dearly love."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less!! Thus I dreamed I spent the whole dream arrested during November. "To see respectable-looking strangers arrested, foretells that you desire to make changes, and new speculations will be subordinated by the fear of failure. To dream of November, augers a season of indifferent success in all affairs."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of December\b0\par
I slept like a log! I dreamed of fairs. The fairs were falling. "To dream of going to fairs threatens the person so dreaming with having his pockets picked, or robbed in some other way. If a young girl dreams this it is a sign she will marry a rich husband."\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of December\b0\par
I slept fitfully unsurprisingly! In my sleep I dreamed I was in a building and then I was hanging above. "To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face. Should it be securely fixed above you, so as not to imply danger, your condition will improve after threatened loss."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! In the only dream I remember, I was borrowing a chrysanthemum. "Borrowing is a sign of loss and meagre support. To dream that you gather white chrysanthemums, signifies loss and much perplexity; colored ones, betokens pleasant engagements."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of December\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I dreamed I held lots of doors. "To dream you knock at a door and gain admittance shows success in your undertakings; if you cannot obtain entrance it shows disappointment."\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of December\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was burning a coffee. Then I dreamed I was bleating. "To dream of burning doth imply,. To dream of coffee signifies loss of reputation. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of December\b0\par
Today it is Christmas. I learned I was corpulent. I slept like a log, such is my fate. I had this dream I was in the presence of some mulberries and a present. As such: "To dream of mulberries is of good import. To dream of receiving a present is usually a sign of disappointment; but if a married woman dreams that she is presented with fruit it shows that she will soon become pregnant: if a girl imagines she is presented by her lover with gold jewelry it predicts that he covets the possession of her person rather than her heart."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of December\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. Thus I dreamed I held these rats. "To dream of rats is a sign that thieves are around: if you see any of these animals it shows that some friend will be robbed but if you hear them gnawing you will suffer a loss from robbery yourself."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of December\b0\par
I dreamed I was leaving a christ. "If you bid adieu to home and country, you will travel in the nature of an exile from fortune and love. To dream of beholding."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of December\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of knives. The knives were annoyed. "To dream of knives is a very unpropitious omen. Annoyances experienced in dreams are apt to find speedy fulfilment in the trifling incidents of the following day."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 29th of December\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm accepted. I slept like a baby more or less. In the only dream I remember, of brambles. The brambles were in debt. And so it is written: "To dream of brambles entangling you, is a messenger of evil. Debt is rather a bad dream, foretelling worries in business and love, and struggles for a competency; but if you have plenty to meet all your obligations, your affairs will assume a favorable turn."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 30th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I dreamed two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was abhoring a bicycle. Then I dreamed I was in debt. "To dream that you abhor a person, denotes that you will entertain strange dislike for some person, and your suspicion of his honesty will prove correct. To dream of riding a bicycle up hill, signifies bright prospects. To dream of paying a debt with money foretells that you will soon receive some." This doesn't portend well!!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 31st of December\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Eve. It's like I'm in danger. I had this dream I was in a mine. The books say: "To dream of being in a mine, denotes failure in affairs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 1st of January\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Day. I spent a good part of the day ragged. I slept fitfully the whole night through! I recall two dreams. First I dreamed I was leaking a goose. Then I dreamed I was offensive. "To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. To dream of geese is a forerunner of good; expect to see a long-absent friend. For a young woman to give, or take offense, signifies that she will regret hasty conclusions, and disobedience to parents or guardian."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 2nd of January\b0\par
I slept very well as per usual! In the only dream I remember, of peaches. The peaches were adopted. "To dream of fine ripe yellow peaches denotes that you will get just so much yellow gold which makes this dream a splendid one for gold-diggers: if the peaches you dream about are very red or look small and wilted it shows that your gold will turn out to be about half copper or that your luck will not amount to much. To see your adopted child, or parent, in your dreams, indicates that you will amass fortune through the schemes and speculations of strangers."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 3rd of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was leaving in a coalpit during August. "To dream of bidding farewell, is not very favorable, as you are likely to hear unpleasant news of absent friends. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies. For a young woman to dream that she is going to be married in."\par
\par
\b Friday the 4th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a shotgun was nursing a derrick whilst I was clairvoyant. "To dream of a shotgun, foretells domestic troubles and worry with children and servants. Derricks seen in a dream, indicate strife and obstruction in your way to success. For a woman to dream of nursing her baby, denotes pleasant employment.To dream of being a clairvoyant and seeing yourself in the future, denotes signal changes in your present occupation, followed by a series of unhappy conflicts with designing people."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 5th of January\b0\par
I slept well. I had this dream I was vexed. "If you think some person is vexed with you, it is a sign that you will not shortly reconcile some slight misunderstanding."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 6th of January\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. Thus I dreamed I was spinning. "To dream that you are spinning, means that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be all you could wish."\par
\par
\b Monday the 7th of January\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably!! I dreamed I was squinting some scissors. "For a man to dream that his sweetheart, or some good-looking girl, squints her eyes at him, foretells that he is threatened with loss by seeking the favors of women. To dream of scissors is an unlucky omen; wives will be jealous and distrustful of their husbands, and sweethearts will quarrel and nag each other into crimination and recrimination." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 8th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was leaping some currants. Behold: "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you.  Red currants denote happiness in life and success in love."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 9th of January\b0\par
I dreamed I was weeding a barefoot during spring. "To dream that you are weeding, foretells that you will have difficulty in proceeding with some work which will bring you distinction. To wander in the night barefoot with torn garments, denotes that you will be crushed in expectation, and evil influences will surround your every effort. To see spring appearing unnaturally, is a foreboding of disquiet and losses."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 10th of January\b0\par
I didn't take note of my dream because I dreamed that I had already done so.\par
 This is what I figured.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 11th of January\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because someone knocked on my door.\par
 Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 12th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was nursing some plums. "For a young woman to dream of nursing a baby, foretells that she will occupy positions of honor and trust. Plums, if they are green, unless seen on trees, are signs of personal and relative discomfort."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 13th of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. I dreamed I was christening a lookingglass. "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. To dream of looking in a glass, denotes children to the married and to the unmarried it promises a lover speedily."\par
\par
\b Monday the 14th of January\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less!! In the only dream I remember, a wig was blaspheming a chambermaid in a picnic whilst I was colliding. "For one who has no lack of hair to dream that he wears a wig, signifies that he will be compelled to stand before a judge in a court of law, either as a criminal or as a witness. To see a chambermaid, denotes bad fortune and decided changes will be made. To dream you are cursing yourself, means evil fortune. Dreams of picnics, bring undivided happiness to the young.For a young woman to see a collision, denotes she will be unable to decide between lovers, and will be the cause of wrangles."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 15th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was weighing some nuns. "To weigh others, you will be able to subordinate them to your interest. For a religiously inclined man to dream of nuns, foretells that material joys will interfere with his spirituality."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 16th of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully for once. I had this dream I was delighting a hunger. "To feel delight when looking on beautiful landscapes, prognosticates to the dreamer very great success and congenial associations. To dream one is unusually hungry, and that his appetite craves sustenance, shows he will be ingenious, laborious and eager in getting an estate, and will grow rich."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 17th of January\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I dreamed a linen was baking a driving whilst I was whispering. "To dream you are arrayed in clean linen denotes that you will shortly receive some glad tidings; and that your sweetheart is faithful; if it is dirty then it denotes poverty and disappointment in love. To dream of driving a carriage, signifies unjust criticism of your seeming extravagance. Baking is unpropitious for a woman.To dream of whispering, denotes that you will be disturbed by the evil gossiping of people near you." So it goes!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 18th of January\b0\par
I slept very well, such is my fate! Thus I dreamed there existed some birds. "To dream of birds is much better for the rich than the poor; to dream of little birds the contrary; to dream that you hear birds chirp is a good sign; to see birds fighting signifies adversity; to see birds fly over your head signifies prejudice by enemies."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 19th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was killing. "If you kill one in defense, or kill a ferocious beast, it denotes victory and a rise in position."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 20th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I didn't know I was bleeding. "Fortune will turn against you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 21st of January\b0\par
I dreamed a balcony was carrying me making me crying. It is written: "For lovers to dream of making sad adieus on a balcony, long and perhaps final separation may follow. To dream that one is carrying another is better than to dream one is carried; to be carried by a woman a child or a poor person means profit and success; by a rich person the contrary.To dream of crying, is a forerunner of illusory pleasures, which will subside into gloom, and distressing influences affecting for evil business engagements and domestic affairs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 22nd of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a reception. The books say: "To dream of attending a reception, denotes that you will have pleasant engagements."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 23rd of January\b0\par
I dreamed two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was washing a school. Then I dreamed I was bleeding. "For a man to dream he washes or bathes himself in baths or hot-houses, signifies riches, prosperity and health to the sick. To dream you begin again to go to school, and yet cannot say your lessons right, shows you are about to undertake something you do not understand. To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 24th of January\b0\par
I slept like a log more or less. Thus I dreamed a legacy was divorcing an exchange whilst I was flying. Accordingly: "To dream of receiving one, denotes losing whatever you own that is in the hands of another, involving you in litigation, debt, unhappiness and trouble. Exchange, denotes profitable dealings in all classes of business. To dream of being divorced, denotes that you are not satisfied with your companion, and should cultivate a more congenial atmosphere in the home life.That you will arrive at dignity in the state and be happy."\par
\par
\b Friday the 25th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a business was commanding a windmill whilst I was swelling. "To dream of being full of business is significant of some unexpected good fortune; to finish it marriage; if the business appears to be bad it is a good sign. To see a windmill in operation in your dreams, foretells abundant accumulation of fortune and marked contentment. To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority.To see others swollen, foretells that advancement will meet with envious obstructions."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 26th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was hunting an abundance. "To dream you are hunting and that the game is killed, shows much trouble through the pretensions of false friends, but that you will discover them and overcome all their machinations. To dream that you are possessed with an abundance; foretells that you will have no occasion to reproach."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 27th of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I didn't record my dream because I mislaid this diary.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 28th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was in the presence of lots of sweethearts. "If a man dreams of his sweetheart that is absent, and she seems to be more fair than usual, it is a sign she is chaste or constant; but if she looks black or sickly, you may be assured she hath broken her faith and has become altogether inconstant."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 29th of January\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was annoyed. In the only dream I remember, a flambeau was mending a jaundice whilst I was commiting adultery. From the dictionaries: "To dream of flambeaux, is a sign of trouble, excitement and distress. To dream that you have the jaundice, denotes prosperity after temporary embarrassments. To dream of mending soiled garments, denotes that you will undertake to right a wrong at an inopportune moment; but if the garment be clean, you will be successful in adding to your fortune.If a woman has this dream, she will fail to hold her husband's affections, letting her temper and spite overwhelm her at the least provocation."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 30th of January\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly! I had this dream a ball was leaving me leading me to be hanged. My fate is: "If you feel gloomy and distressed at the inattention of others, a death in the family may be expected soon. To throw kisses of adieu to loved ones, or children, foretells that you will soon have a journey to make, but there will be no unpleasant accidents or happenings attending your trip.To dream of seeing people hanged, or that you are going to be hanged yourself, denotes that you will rise above your present condition by marriage."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 31st of January\b0\par
I slept well for once!! Thus I dreamed I was in a crowd. "To see a crowd in the street, indicates unusual briskness in trade and a general air of prosperity will surround you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 1st of February\b0\par
I dreamed I suddenly became in danger. "To dream of being in a perilous situation, and death seems iminent,\{sic\} denotes that you will emerge from obscurity into places of distinction and honor; but if you should not escape the impending danger, and suffer death or a wound, you will lose in business and be annoyed in your home, and by others."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 2nd of February\b0\par
I slept like a log, such is my fate. In the only dream I remember, I was learning. "To enter halls, or places of learning, denotes rise from obscurity, and finance will be a congenial adherent."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 3rd of February\b0\par
I dreamed I was reading some crutches. "To see others reading, denotes that your friends will be kind, and are well disposed. If you dream you use them your love will forsake you; if you only see them some infirmity will press upon you; if you break them you will recover from sickness."\par
\par
\b Monday the 4th of February\b0\par
I slept well. Thus I dreamed I was in Europe and then I was contemptuous. Therefore: "You will also be enabled to forward your financial standing. To dream that you are held in contempt by others, you will succeed in winning their highest regard, and will find yourself prosperous and happy."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 5th of February\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly!! In the only dream I remember, I was talking. And so: "To think they are talking about you, denotes that you are menaced with illness and disfavor."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 6th of February\b0\par
I slept peacefully. Thus I dreamed a city council was carving me and I became swimming. "To dream of a city council, foretells that your interests will clash with public institutions and there will be discouraging outlooks for you. To dream of carving a fowl, indicates you will be poorly off in a worldly way.To dream you are swimming with your head under water, shows that you will experience some great trouble and hear some very unpleasant news from a person you thought dead."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 7th of February\b0\par
I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was reaping a garbage. Then I dreamed I was single. "To dream of reaping grain is an excellent omen as it foretells thrift and abundance as well as plenty of money in gold; this applies to a prolific field of ripe yellow grain; if the grain is meagre and looks rusty the sign is entirely different as it betokens scarcity and penury. To see heaps of garbage in your dreams, indicates thoughts of social scandal and unfavorable business of every character. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Friday the 8th of February\b0\par
I dreamed I was rowing a necklace. "To dream of rowing a boat in clear water is a sign of good luck generally: if the water is muddy it shows trouble and difficulties which may be overcome; if a lover dreams of rowing a boat with his lady-love in it he will doubtless make a happy match. For a woman to dream of receiving a necklace, omens for her a loving husband and a beautiful home." As anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 9th of February\b0\par
I had this dream of eyes. The eyes were blind. "To dream you lose your eyes, is a very unfortunate omen. To dream of being blind, denotes a sudden change from affluence to almost abject poverty."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 10th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully! In the only dream I remember, of fairs. The fairs were commiting adultery. "To dream of going to fairs threatens the person so dreaming with having his pockets picked, or robbed in some other way. For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 11th of February\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was commanding. It is written: "To dream you command any one, signifies trouble; to dream you see one command, signifies anger and authority."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 12th of February\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. I had this dream of walnuts. The walnuts were dancing. "To dream of walnuts, portends difficulties and misfortunes in life. To dream that you are dancing at a ball, wake, or entertainment, foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long absent friend, and that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy; for it foretells success and happiness in love; that your sweetheart is kind." Not what I expected...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 13th of February\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was ascending. "For one to dream they ascend towards the skies is favorable, particularly so if the clouds appear bright."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 14th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully the whole night through. Thus I dreamed I was blaspheming a seamstress during October. "To dream you are cursed by others, signifies relief through affection and prosperity. To see a seamstress in a dream, portends you will be deterred from making pleasant visits by unexpected luck. You will also make new acquaintances which will ripen into lasting friendships."\par
\par
\b Friday the 15th of February\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably as per usual. I dreamed an office was whitewashing me making me clairvoyant. "For a person to dream that he holds office, denotes that his aspirations will sometimes make him undertake dangerous paths, but his boldness will be rewarded with success. For a young woman, this dream is significant of well-laid plans to deceive others and gain back her lover who has been estranged by her insinuating bearing toward him.To dream of visiting a clairvoyant, foretells unprosperous commercial states and unhappy unions."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 16th of February\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because it was just so boring.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 17th of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was cheating a tiger in battle. "For young persons to dream that they are being cheated in games, portend they will lose their sweethearts through quarrels and misunderstandings. To dream of a tiger advancing towards you, you will be tormented and persecuted by enemies. To dream of battle in the streets, forewarns you against secret enemies who will endeavor to harm you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 18th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully, such is my fate!! I recall two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was ploughing a clay. Then I dreamed I was naked. Therefore: "To dream of ploughing is good; but if the horse seems to sink into the ground, it portends loss of labor, dearth of corn, and ill harvest weather. To dream of clay, denotes isolation of interest and probable insolvency. To dream you see a man naked signifies fear and terror: to dream you see a woman naked signifies honor and joy provided she be fair-skinned and handsome; but if she is crooked old wrinkled or otherwise ill made and black withal it signifies shame repentance and ill luck."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 19th of February\b0\par
I dreamed two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was baking a chariot. Then I dreamed I was at cross purposes. "Ill health and the care of many children; meanness and poverty of supporters are indicated. To dream of riding in a chariot, foretells that favorable opportunities will present themselves resulting in your good if rightly used by you. To dream one plays at cross purposes, signifies prosperity, joy, pleasure, health and concord among friends and relations."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 20th of February\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was varnishing. Accordingly: "To dream of varnishing anything, denotes that you will seek to win distinction by fraudulent means."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 21st of February\b0\par
I slept peacefully! I had this dream a shower was beheading a garden whilst I was singing. Interpretation: "To dream that you are in a shower, foretells that you will derive exquisite pleasure in the study of creation and the proper placing of selfish pleasures. To see a beautiful and thrifty garden in your dream denotes good luck and abundance: if the garden is run to weeds you may still have luck but much trouble and vexation will accompany it: if you see rats or pigs in the garden it denotes thieves to annoy you. To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you.To dream you hear singing or playing upon instruments, signifies consolation in adversity, recovery of health to those that are sick."\par
\par
\b Friday the 22nd of February\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. I dreamed I was advocating. And so it is written: "To dream that you advocate any cause, denotes that you will be faithful to your interests, and endeavor to deal honestly with the public, as your interests affect it, and be loyal to your promises to friends."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 23rd of February\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. I had this dream I suddenly became adopted. "To dream that you or others are adopting a child, you will make an unfortunate change in your abode."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 24th of February\b0\par
I slept well more or less. In the only dream I remember, of bugs. The bugs were hanging above. Lo and behold: "To dream of bugs denotes that some disgustingly revolting complications will rise in your daily life. To dream you see any thing hanging _above_ you signifies you will improve in your worldly prospects and soon be in a better situation than you were before you had the dream."\par
\par
\b Monday the 25th of February\b0\par
I slept peacefully! In my sleep I dreamed a handwriting was sewing a pleasure whilst I was engaging in commerce. "To dream that you see and recognize your own handwriting, foretells that malicious enemies will use your expressed opinion to foil you in advancing to some competed position. If you dream you are enjoying great pleasure, you may expect serious disappointment and difficulty in some project that engages your mind. To dream of sewing on new garments, foretells that domestic peace will crown your wishes.To dream of failures and gloomy outlooks in commercial circles, denotes trouble and ominous threatening of failure in real business life."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 26th of February\b0\par
I slept very well unsurprisingly. I didn't take note of my dream because I couldn't find my pen in time.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 27th of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was shaving an aura. "To dream you are being shaved, or that your head has been shaved, is a very unfavorable omen; in love, it denotes treachery and disappointment; and in the married state, infidelity and discord. To dream of discussing any subject relating to aura, denotes that you will reach states of mental unrest, and work to discover the power which influences you from within."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 28th of February\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was mourning. "To see people dressed in black and be among them foretells an invitation to a wedding or to be present at a marriage ceremony."\par
\par
\b Friday the 1st of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was bleeding. "To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 2nd of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in a nightmare. "It may also warn the dreamer to be careful of her health, and food."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 3rd of March\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed an interpreter was demanding me and I became annoyed. "To dream of an interpreter, denotes you will undertake affairs which will fail in profit. To dream that a demand for charity comes in upon you, denotes that you will be placed in embarrassing situations, but by your persistency you will fully restore your good standing.This dream denotes that you have enemies who are at work against you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 4th of March\b0\par
I slept like a log more or less!! In my sleep I dreamed a college was spinning a tandem during August whilst I was arrested. The books say: "To dream of a college, denotes you are soon to advance to a position long sought after. To dream that you are driving tandem, denotes that you will be prosperous in business and in the marriage state. To dream of spinning is good, and shows a person to be diligent and industrious. August, is an omen of sorrow in her early wedded life.If they resist the officers, you will have great delight in pushing to completion the new enterprise."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 5th of March\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. Thus I dreamed I was in quarantine making me lucky. "To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies. Fulfilment of wishes may be expected and pleasant duties will devolve upon you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 6th of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly! I had this dream I spent the whole dream one-eyed. "To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 7th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was reading a celery. "In trade, it is propitious. To dream of seeing fresh, crisp stalks of celery, you will be prosperous and influential beyond your highest hopes."\par
\par
\b Friday the 8th of March\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I didn't record my dream because a bird tapped at the window waking me.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 9th of March\b0\par
I dreamed I was in an inn and I became acquitted. "To dream of being in an inn, is a very unfavorable dream. To see others acquitted, foretells that your friends will add pleasure to your labors." I look forward to seeing how this plays out.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 10th of March\b0\par
I slept well unsurprisingly! I had this dream I was leaping a sculptor. "For a young woman to dream of leaping over an obstruction, denotes that she will gain her desires after much struggling and opposition. To dream of a sculptor, foretells you will change from your present position to one less lucrative, but more distinguished."\par
\par
\b Monday the 11th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was adulating a chamber. "To dream that you seek adulation, foretells that you will pompously fill unmerited positions of honor. To find yourself in a beautiful and richly furnished chamber implies sudden fortune, either through legacies from unknown relatives or through speculation."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 12th of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully!! I dreamed of eels. The eels were colliding. It is written: "To dream of catching or handling eels denotes that you will have good fortune but difficulty. To dream of a collision, you will meet with an accident of a serious type and disappointments in business."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 13th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in a comedy leading me to be buried alive. "To dream of seeing a comedy, is significant of light pleasures and pleasant tasks. denotes that you are about to make a great mistake, which your opponents will quickly turn to your injury." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 14th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was demanding some gloves. "If the demand is unjust, you will become a leader in your profession. To dream of receiving a gift of a pair of gloves, signifies an offer of friendship."\par
\par
\b Friday the 15th of March\b0\par
I slept well. Thus I dreamed I was interceding for a jay-bird. "To intercede for some one in your dreams, shows you will secure aid when you desire it most. To dream of a jay-bird, foretells pleasant visits from friends and interesting gossips."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 16th of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly. In my sleep I dreamed I didn't know I was colliding in a quagmire during November. Therefore: "For a young woman to see a collision, denotes she will be unable to decide between lovers, and will be the cause of wrangles. Illness is sometimes indicated by this dream. To dream of November, augers a season of indifferent success in all affairs."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 17th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a quagmire was disputing a pine tree whilst I was angry. "To dream one is falling into a quagmire, shows obstructions and difficulty in business. To see a pine tree in a dream, foretells unvarying success in any undertaking. To dream of holding disputes over trifles, indicates bad health and unfairness in judging others.To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies."\par
\par
\b Monday the 18th of March\b0\par
I dreamed I was adulating a hypocrite. "If you offer adulation, you will expressly part with some dear belonging in the hope of furthering material interests. To dream that anyone has acted the hypocrite with you, you will be turned over to your enemies by false friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 19th of March\b0\par
I slept well for once. Thus I dreamed I was leaping some alms in an opera. "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. Otherwise, a good dream. To dream of attending an opera, denotes that you will be entertained by congenial friends, and find that your immediate affairs will be favorable."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 20th of March\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because it was completely ineffable.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 21st of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a krishna was disputing a cremate whilst I was naked. "To see krishna in your dreams, denotes that your greatest joy will be in pursuit of occult knowledge, and you will school yourself to the taunts of friends, and cultivate a philosophical bearing toward life and sorrow. To dream of seeing bodies cremated, denotes enemies will reduce your influence in business circles. To dream of disputing with learned people, shows that you have some latent ability, but are a little sluggish in developing it.For a woman to dream she sees her husband naked signifies success in her enterprises and a good number of children."\par
\par
\b Friday the 22nd of March\b0\par
Today it is my birthday. I feel like I'm dancing. I had this dream a cistern was carrying a cross whilst I was naked. "To dream of a cistern, denotes you are in danger of trespassing upon the pleasures and rights of your friends. To dream you see a cross signifies sadness. To dream that one is carrying another is better than to dream one is carried; to be carried by a woman a child or a poor person means profit and success; by a rich person the contrary.To see others naked, foretells that you will be tempted by designing persons to leave the path of duty."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 23rd of March\b0\par
I slept very well. I dreamed of gloves. The gloves were singing. "To dream of wearing good gloves brings happiness; if the gloves are torn many disappointments. To dream you hear birds sing, signifies love, joy and delight."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 24th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was running some figs in an elevator. "To dream of running in company with others, is a sign that you will participate in some festivity, and you will find that your affairs are growing towards fortune. To dream of eating good figs signifies joy and happiness; if the figs are mouldy or defective your pleasure will be marred by some disagreeable event. To dream of ascending in an elevator, denotes you will swiftly rise to position and wealth, but if you descend in one your misfortunes will crush and discourage you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 25th of March\b0\par
I had two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was disputing a vice. Then I dreamed I was commiting adultery. According to the books: "To dream of holding disputes over trifles, indicates bad health and unfairness in judging others. To dream that you are favoring any vice, signifies you are about to endanger your reputation, by letting evil persuasions entice you. If it is with her husband's friend, she will be unjustly ignored by her husband."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 26th of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. I had this dream I was burning during January. "A sudden danger, ripe and nigh;. To dream of this month, denotes you will be afflicted with unloved companions or children."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 27th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was divorcing during November. "It is a dream of warning. To dream of November, augers a season of indifferent success in all affairs."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 28th of March\b0\par
I dreamed of rhinestones. The rhinestones were in debt. "To dream of rhinestones, denotes pleasures and favors of short duration. If you imagine that you owe a debt and are worrying to get the money to pay it is a sign of sickness."\par
\par
\b Friday the 29th of March\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm birding. In my sleep I dreamed I was swearing some hounds. I liked this interpretation: "To dream that you hear violent altercations and profane swearing is a sign that you will lose caste and go down in the world: if a man dreams that in his anger he curses and swears it foretells that he will come to poverty. To dream of hounds on a hunt, denotes coming delights and pleasant changes." So it goes!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 30th of March\b0\par
I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was commanding an illumination. Then I dreamed I was single. It is written: "To dream of being commanded, denotes that you will be humbled in some way by your associates for scorn shown your superiors. If you see strange and weird illuminations in your dreams, you will meet with disappointments and failures on every hand. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 31st of March\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once. Thus I dreamed I was separating some horses in a tannery. "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of horses is a particularly good sign; inasmuch that if any one dreams that he is mounted on a stately horse, full of mettle, nimble and well-harnessed, he will have a handsome, noble and rich wife, provided the horse be his own. To dream of being in a tannery is a sign of health and riches: if a girl dreams that her beau is a tanner she will probably get a good husband and one who is well off and will live to a good old age for your tanners are usually tough customers."\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in a theater making me offensive. "To dream of being at a theater, denotes that you will have much pleasure in the company of new friends. To dream of being offended, denotes that errors will be detected in your conduct, which will cause you inward rage while attempting to justify yourself."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of April\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was weeping a nurse. Then I dreamed I was ragged. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth. Dreaming of a nurse for lying-in women foreshadows luck and plenty of cash; to a farmer such a dream prognosticates abundant crops and to newly married people good crops of children. To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of April\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual. I dreamed I was washing. "If the water is dirty or turbid it is the reverse."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a fleet was whitewashing a lightning-rod during day whilst I was bleeding. "To see a large fleet moving rapidly in your dreams, denotes a hasty change in the business world. To see a lightning-rod, denotes that threatened destruction to some cherished work will confront you. To dream of having your house or place of business whitewashed is an excellent omen as it promises you good health and a good name and repute among your friends: if a woman dreams of whitewashing her house or any part of it it foretells that she will have a son who will be distinguished or that some act of hers will attract public attention. To dream of a clear sunshiny day portends long life and happiness but to dream of a dark cloudy and stormy day is an unlucky omen.To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a rubber was combing a resuscitate whilst I was arrested. "To dream of being clothed in rubber garments, is a sign that you will have honors conferred upon you because of your steady and unchanging stand of purity and morality. To dream that you are being resuscitated, denotes that you will have heavy losses, but will eventually regain more than you lose, and happiness will attend you. Decay of friendship and loss of property is also indicated by this dream.To see respectable-looking strangers arrested, foretells that you desire to make changes, and new speculations will be subordinated by the fear of failure."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of April\b0\par
I had this dream I was banishing an infant in a castle. And so it is written: "Evil pursues the unfortunate dreamer. Dreaming of a young infant is an excellent omen as it foretells joy and gladness good luck and success generally. To dream of being in a castle, you will be possessed of sufficient wealth to make life as you wish."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of April\b0\par
I slept well more or less. In my sleep I dreamed I was chastising. "To dream of being chastised, denotes that you have not been prudent in conducting your affairs." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was climbing. "To dream you are climbing up a very steep hill or place, foretells many difficulties in life, and much sickness."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed a serenade was completing me in a cemetery. "If you are one of the serenaders, there are many delightful things in your future. To dream of completing a task or piece of work, denotes that you will have acquired a competency early in life, and that you can spend your days as you like and wherever you please. Brides dreaming of passing a cemetery on their way to the wedding ceremony, will be bereft of their husbands by fatal accidents occurring on journeys." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I held some dandelions and a school teacher. "To dream of gathering dandelions is ominous to one. To dream of a school teacher, denotes you are likely to enjoy learning and amusements in a quiet way." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of April\b0\par
I slept like a log! I had this dream I was in a fair. "To dream of being at a fair, denotes that you will have a pleasant and profitable business and a congenial companion."\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of April\b0\par
I slept very well. I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was riding a market. Then I dreamed I was yawning. "To dream you are riding, if it be with a woman, is very fortunate. To see an empty market, indicates depression and gloom. To see others yawning, foretells that you will see some of your friends in a miserable state."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was admonishing some handcuffs in Asia. "To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts. To find yourself handcuffed, you will be annoyed and vexed by enemies. To dream of visiting Asia is assurance of change, but no material benefits from fortune will follow." I don't like this...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of April\b0\par
I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was selling a geography. Then I dreamed I was commiting adultery. "To dream of being sold, or set up for sale, is fair to those who wish to change their condition and to those who are in poverty and servitude. To dream of studying geography, denotes that you will travel much and visit places of renown. For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes." As figured!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of April\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed an epaulet was burning me during July. "For a man to dream of wearing epaulets, if he is a soldier, denotes his disfavor for a time, but he will finally wear honors. To see in your dream one or more houses burning but not wholly destroyed signifies for the poor that they will become rich and for the rich man that his riches will be augmented; but if the fire is furious and the houses fall down the dreamer may expect losses disappointments shame and death. To dream of this month, denotes you will be depressed with gloomy outlooks, but, as suddenly, your spirits will rebound to unimagined pleasure and good fortune." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a custom-house was wading me and then I was called. "To dream of a custom-house, denotes you will have rivalries and competition in your labors. To see children wading in clear water is a happy prognostication, as you will be favored in your enterprises.Lovers hearing the voice of their affianced should heed the warning."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed I was traveling some hounds. Therefore: "If one dreams that he is traveling through a wood and that he sticketh in the briars and bushes, it betokens many troubles and hindrances. For a woman to dream of hounds, she will love a man below her in station."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of April\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was sewing an ink. "To dream of sewing on new garments, foretells that domestic peace will crown your wishes. If you dream of black ink, you will become involved in some disgraceful scheme."\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of April\b0\par
Today it is Good Friday. I spent a good part of the day talking. Thus I dreamed I was in a cemetery. "For a mother to carry fresh flowers to a cemetery, indicates she may expect the continued good health of her family."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of April\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be devoted. "God, or to his family, denotes plenteous crops and peaceful neighbors."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of April\b0\par
Today it is Easter Sunday. I learned I was affrighted. I slept fitfully as per usual. I dreamed a heal was divorcing me in an inn leading me to be bleeding. "If you dream of having a sore on your person that was healed up quick it is a sign that some one will cut your acquaintance; if you have a sweetheart or lover it is probable something will happen to break off the intimacy. For women to dream of divorce, denotes that a single life may be theirs through the infidelity of lovers. To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents.To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover."\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. In the only dream I remember, I was in a country. This portends the following: "Wealth will pile in upon you, and you will be able to reign in state in any country."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of April\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through!! I had this dream I was spitting. And so: "To dream of spitting, denotes unhappy terminations of seemingly auspicious undertakings."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I was in a cemetery and then I was engaging in commerce. "For a young widow to visit a cemetery means she will soon throw aside her weeds for robes of matrimony. To dream that you are engaged in commerce, denotes you will handle your opportunities wisely and advantageously." This will be hard to puzzle out!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I saw lots of sardines. "For a young woman to dream of putting them on the table, denotes that she will be worried with the attentions of a person who is distasteful to her."\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of April\b0\par
I slept very well for once. Thus I dreamed I was torturing some bagpipes in a watermill. "To dream of being tortured, denotes that you will undergo disappointment and grief through the machination of false friends. To dream of bagpipes signifies trouble contention and loss of a lawsuit. To dream of being in a water-mill is a favorable omen."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of April\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly! In the only dream I remember, I had these tears. "To dream that you are shedding tears from some heavy trouble, denotes that you will be speedily removed to a situation in which you will enjoy much happiness."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of April\b0\par
I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was leaving an adventurer. Then I dreamed I was successful. "To dream of bidding cheerful adieus to people, denotes that you will make pleasant visits and enjoy much social festivity; but if they are made in a sad or doleful strain, you will endure loss and bereaving sorrow. To dream that you are victimized by an adventurer, proves that you will be an easy prey for flatterers and designing villains. To dream that you have been successful in some enterprise in which you have been engaged, denotes that you will hear of some person's death whom you highly esteemed."\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of April\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm laughing. I slept like a log, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was brewing a witness in an inquest. "Brewing in any way in your dreams, denotes anxiety at the outset, but usually ends in profit and satisfaction. To dream that you bear witness against others, signifies you will have great oppression through slight causes. To dream of being at an inquest, denotes prosperity; to dream that you are the subject on which the inquest is held, prognosticates that you will come into prosperity by the death of some rich person; to dream an inquest is held on the body of a friend is also good to the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of April\b0\par
I slept fitfully as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed I was sawing a robin. "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked. To dream of seeing robins around your house is a good omen as it foretells abundance to farmers and success to any one; if you do not see them but hear them trilling it foreshadows sickness and perhaps death."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 1st of May\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I held some games and a stone mason. "To dream one plays at ball or top, signifies travail and pains, and to gain wealth by contention and injury. To dream that you are a stone mason, portends that your labors will be unfruitful, and your companions will be dull and uncongenial."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 2nd of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through. I dreamed of pebbles. The pebbles were naked. I liked this interpretation: "For a young woman to dream of a pebble-strewn walk, she will be vexed with many rivals and find that there are others with charms that attract besides her own. To dream you see a man naked signifies fear and terror: to dream you see a woman naked signifies honor and joy provided she be fair-skinned and handsome; but if she is crooked old wrinkled or otherwise ill made and black withal it signifies shame repentance and ill luck."\par
\par
\b Friday the 3rd of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In the only dream I remember, a quail was burning me. "To see quails in your dream, is a very favorable omen, if they are alive; if dead, you will undergo serious ill luck. To dream you burn yourself is a sign the malice of a stupid enemy will be foiled."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 4th of May\b0\par
I slept very well. In my sleep I dreamed I was vaccinating a police. Looking it up: "To dream of being vaccinated foretells good health; and if you imagine that you have a large sore on your arm from vaccination it is a sign that you will present to some one a liberal gift and receive much honor. If any respectable person dreams of being arrested by police officers it is a sign that some distinguished honor will be conferred on him: if a young girl should dream that policemen took her lover into custody she will hear of his advancement in the world."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 5th of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I recall two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was leaving a hell. Then I dreamed I was giving to charity. "For a young woman to bid her lover farewell, portends his indifference to her. If you dream of being in hell, you will fall into temptations, which will almost wreck you financially and morally. For a rich person to dream that he is charitable signifies loss of fortune; if a lady dreams it she will bestow her affections on an unworthy person."\par
\par
\b Monday the 6th of May\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. Thus I dreamed I was accusing some brambles. As such: "To dream that you accuse any one of a mean action, denotes that you will have quarrels with those under you, and your dignity will be thrown from a high pedestal. Law suits will go against you, and malignant sickness attack you, or some of your family."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 7th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! In the only dream I remember, of peaches. The peaches were affluent. It is written: "Dreaming of peaches in season, denotes content, health and pleasure. They should study more closely their duty to friends and parents."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 8th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby, such is my fate. I had this dream a detective was spinning me in an opera. "To dream of a detective keeping in your wake when you are innocent of charges preferred, denotes that fortune and honor are drawing nearer to you each day; but if you feel yourself guilty, you are likely to find your reputation at stake, and friends will turn from you. To dream that you are spinning, means that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be all you could wish. To dream of attending an opera, denotes that you will be entertained by congenial friends, and find that your immediate affairs will be favorable." How portentious!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 9th of May\b0\par
I slept very well! In my sleep I dreamed I was moving. "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him."\par
\par
\b Friday the 10th of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully more or less. Thus I dreamed I didn't know I was talking in a coalpit. "To dream that some person is talking about you, is an indication that you will be gladdened by having a proposal made to you that will be to your interest to agree to. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 11th of May\b0\par
I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was reading a spleen. Then I dreamed I was bigamous. "To dream you are reading indicates you will be successful in your love; in trade it is particularly propitious; but if it appear to be painful or irksome to read it signifies that you shall not succeed without exertion. To dream of spleen, denotes that you will have a misunderstanding with some party who will injure you. For a man to commit bigamy, denotes loss of manhood and failing mentality."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 12th of May\b0\par
I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was teasing a marigold. Then I dreamed I was afraid. Alas: "To find yourself teasing any person while dreaming, denotes that you will be loved and sought after because of your cheerful and amiable manners. To dream of seeing marigolds, denotes contentment with frugality should be your aim. To see others afraid, denotes that some friend will be deterred from performing some favor for you because of his own difficulties."\par
\par
\b Monday the 13th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was jumping in America. Lo and behold: "If you dream of jumping over any object, you will succeed in every endeavor; but if you jump and fall back, disagreeable affairs will render life almost intolerable. High officials should be careful of State affairs, others will do well to look after their own person, for some trouble is at hand after this dream."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 14th of May\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly!! I had this dream I was adulating. "To dream that you seek adulation, foretells that you will pompously fill unmerited positions of honor."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 15th of May\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed I was in a reception. The books say: "Confusion at a reception will work you disquietude."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 16th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in a life-boat leading me to be crying. "If you are saved, you will escape a great calamity. To see others crying, forbodes unexpected calls for aid from you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 17th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably, such is my fate. I recall two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was advocating a ring. Then I dreamed I was giving to charity. "To dream that you advocate any cause, denotes that you will be faithful to your interests, and endeavor to deal honestly with the public, as your interests affect it, and be loyal to your promises to friends. To dream of a ring is favorable, if it be on your finger. For a rich person to dream that he is charitable signifies loss of fortune; if a lady dreams it she will bestow her affections on an unworthy person."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 18th of May\b0\par
I slept well for once. I had this dream I was blaspheming some pickles. "The interpretation of this dream here given is not satisfactory. If a girl dreams of eating pickles it is a sign some old bachelor will kiss her: if a young man dreams of pickles he will be beloved by a maid older than himself and probably of a sour and crabbed temper."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 19th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in a quagmire making me blushing. My fate is: "To dream of being in a quagmire, implies your inability to meet obligations. For a young woman to dream of blushing, denotes she will be worried and humiliated by false accusations."\par
\par
\b Monday the 20th of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a quinsy was walking me and I became boasting. "To dream of being afflicted with this disease, denotes discouraging employments. To dream you are walking in a dirty and muddy place foretells sickness and vexation: in love it denotes bad temper and disappointment.To boast to a competitor, foretells that you will be unjust, and will use dishonest means to overcome competition."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 21st of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was sawing a glass in an inquest. "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked. To dream of glass, marks inconstancy in your sweetheart, and in business of bad success in your undertakings in life. To dream of being at an inquest, denotes prosperity; to dream that you are the subject on which the inquest is held, prognosticates that you will come into prosperity by the death of some rich person; to dream an inquest is held on the body of a friend is also good to the dreamer." I want to go back to bed.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 22nd of May\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I had this dream I was weeding a negro. And so: "To see others weeding, you will be fearful that enemies will upset your plans. To dream of seeing a negro standing on your green lawn, is a sign that while your immediate future seems filled with prosperity and sweetest joys, there will creep into it unavoidable discord, which will veil all brightness in gloom for a season." I feel strangely good about this!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 23rd of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. I dreamed a lark was sliding me during day and then I was adopted. "To dream of the lark shows speedy increase of fortune. To slide down a hillside covered with green grass, foretells that you will be deceived into ruin by flattering promises. To dream of the day, denotes improvement in your situation, and pleasant associations.To see your adopted child, or parent, in your dreams, indicates that you will amass fortune through the schemes and speculations of strangers."\par
\par
\b Friday the 24th of May\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less! In the only dream I remember, I was single. Behold: "If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 25th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly. I didn't record my dream because I fell into a dreamless slumber moments after awaking.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 26th of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was combing in a castle. "To dream of combing one's hair, denotes the illness or death of a friend or relative. You have prospects of being a great traveler, enjoying contact with people of many nations."\par
\par
\b Monday the 27th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was brewing some eggs. Apparently: "To dream of being in a vast brewing establishment, means unjust persecution by public officials, but you will eventually prove your innocence and will rise far above your persecutors. To dream you are buying or selling eggs, is a very favorable omen; whatever you are then about will succeed, whether it be love, trade, or getting a place."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 28th of May\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was combing a wrist. Then I dreamed I was quarreling. "Decay of friendship and loss of property is also indicated by this dream. If a girl dreams that her wrist is large or mis-shapen it foretells that she will come to poverty after marriage; if she imagines that there is a tumor or swelling or even a wart on it it is a sign that she will be dependent on some one for her bread and that person may or may not be her husband. To dream you are quarreling, denotes that some unexpected news will reach you, and that your sweetheart is about to be married to another."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 29th of May\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm called. I slept peacefully the whole night through. In my sleep I dreamed I was weaving some eyebrows. "To see others weaving shows that you will be surrounded by healthy and energetic conditions. Eyebrows, denotes that you will encounter sinister obstacles in your immediate future."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 30th of May\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, a wrist was sowing a vase whilst I was piss-abed. "To dream that your wrists are broken, is very good. To dream of a vase, denotes that you will enjoy sweetest pleasure and contentment in the home life. To dream that you are sowing seed, foretells to the farmer fruitful promises, if he sows in new ploughed soil.To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Friday the 31st of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly. In my sleep I dreamed I was sliding during winter. "To dream of sliding, portends disappointments in affairs, and sweethearts will break vows. To dream of winter, is a prognostication of ill-health and dreary prospects for the favorable progress of fortune."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a barber was sliding me. The sages say the following: "To dream of a barber denotes losses. If a girl dreams of falling down on the ice and that her lover falls with her and overtops her they may as well go to the parson at once and have the knot tied as it is a sure thing to happen."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby, such is my fate! I didn't write down my dream because a baby cried waking me.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of June\b0\par
I had two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was mining a shop. Then I dreamed I was engaging in commerce. "You will be likely to make unpleasant journeys, if you stand near the mine. To dream of a shop, denotes that you will be opposed in every attempt you make for advancement by scheming and jealous friends. To dream of failures and gloomy outlooks in commercial circles, denotes trouble and ominous threatening of failure in real business life." Well well well!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of June\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably for once. I had this dream I was brewing and baking. "To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of June\b0\par
I slept fitfully. Thus I dreamed a sepulchre was mourning a lawyer whilst I was contemptuous. "To dream of a sepulchre is a sign of great good to the dreamer. To dream of meeting a lawyer brings bad tidings; if you speak to him you will lose some property; if you hear some one speaking in his favor you will meet with some misfortune. To lovers, this dream foretells misunderstanding and probable separation.But if the contempt is merited, your exile from business or social circles is intimated."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in an inn making me buried alive. "To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents. To wealthy people it is a sign of addition to their wealth."\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less. Thus I dreamed a magic was stinging an eclipse in quarantine whilst I was falling. "To see others practising this art, denotes profitable changes to all who have this dream. To dream of the eclipse of the sun, denotes temporary failure in business and other secular affairs, also disturbances in families. To dream of being stung by a bee or wasp foretells an injury by unjust and scandalous reports: a young lady who dreams that a bee stings her will probably have her chastity questioned. To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies.To dream you are falling from an eminence shows you will have some dignity conferred upon you or else will marry above your sphere."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of June\b0\par
I had this dream a knife was torturing me. "To dream of a knife is bad for the dreamer, as it portends separation and quarrels, and losses in affairs of a business character. If you are torturing others, you will fail to carry out well-laid plans for increasing your fortune."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly. In the only dream I remember, I was in a building. "To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face." Not what I thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of June\b0\par
I slept like a log more or less. In my sleep I dreamed I was brewing and baking some beggars. Lo: "To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business. To dream that a beggar annoys you is a sign of misfortune or some piece of bad luck."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I was raking. "For a girl to dream of raking newly mown hay is a sign she will be married before the hay is eaten: young fellows who dream of raking hay with their sweethearts had better get ready their necks for the matrimonial noose as they are past praying for." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I owned lots of women and a shoulder. "To dream of women, foreshadows intrigue. To dream of seeing naked shoulders, foretells that happy changes will make you look upon the world in a different light than formerly."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was plowing. Behold: "For a farmer to dream that he is plowing on smooth and even ground denotes heavy crops and good luck generally: if he plows up stones it is all the better but if his plow gets hitched into a rock or stump it denotes vexation and trouble with his good luck." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of June\b0\par
I had this dream a raspberry was milking me and I became piss-abed. "To see raspberries in a dream, foretells you are in danger of entanglements which will prove interesting before you escape from them. To dream of milking, and it flows in great streams from the udder, while the cow is restless and threatening, signifies you will see great opportunities withheld from you, but which will result in final favor for you.To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in a strange place leading me to be singing. "To the lover, they show inconstancy and want of affection in the object of your love. To dream of singing solemn music in a choir is a sign of the death of a young girl who is your esteemed friend or relative: to lovers such a dream foretells the loss of sweethearts: if you imagine you are singing some lively tune by yourself it is a sign of sorrow though it may not be connected with any death."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of June\b0\par
I slept restlessly as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed I was tickling in a fair. "If you tickle others, you will throw away much enjoyment through weakness and folly. For a young woman, this dream signifies a jovial and even-tempered man for a life partner." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up...\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of June\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because I completely forgot.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of June\b0\par
I had this dream of vultures. The vultures were angling. "To dream of vultures, signifies that some scheming person is bent on injuring you, and will not succeed unless you see the vulture wounded, or dead. To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get." This is what I anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of June\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably more or less. I dreamed I was moving some hops. The sages write: "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him. To dream of hops, denotes thrift, energy and the power to grasp and master almost any business proposition."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of June\b0\par
I slept very well. In the only dream I remember, a whisky was banishing me. "To dream of whisky in bottles, denotes that you will be careful of your interests, protecting them with energy and watchfulness, thereby adding to their proportion. If you are banished to foreign lands, death will be your portion at an early date."\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby. Thus I dreamed I didn't know I was dying. "To dream you see another person dead denotes hasty news from friends." As always figured!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was naked. I liked this interpretation: "Sickness will be no small factor against your success."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of June\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed a wagtail was separating a forest in an inn whilst I was bleeding. "To see a wagtail in a dream, foretells that you will be the victim of unpleasant gossip, and your affairs will develop unmistakable loss. To dream that you are walking in a forest, signifies trouble. To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents.To dream you are bleeding, denotes loss of goods and character, and that your sweetheart will not marry you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly. Thus I dreamed of ants. The ants were talking. "To dream of ants is unlucky; and to dream too often of them shows the dreamer not to be long lived. To dream of talking, denotes that you will soon hear of the sickness of relatives, and there will be worries in your affairs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a quagmire. "To see others thus situated, denotes that the failures of others will be felt by you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of June\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through. Thus I dreamed I suddenly became acquitted. "To dream that you are acquitted of a crime, denotes that you are about to come into possession of valuable property, but there is danger of a law suit before obtaining possession."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of June\b0\par
I recall two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was washing a shampoo. Then I dreamed I was single. "To dream that you are washing yourself, signifies that you pride yourself on the numberless liaisons you maintain. To dream of seeing shampooing going on, denotes that you will engage in undignified affairs to please others. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was plowing a sleigh-ride. Apparently: "For a farmer to dream that he is plowing on smooth and even ground denotes heavy crops and good luck generally: if he plows up stones it is all the better but if his plow gets hitched into a rock or stump it denotes vexation and trouble with his good luck. To dream of a sleigh-ride where the sleighing is good and the sleigh glides free and noiseless is an excellent omen as it foretells success and good fortune generally particularly to farmers: but if you imagine the sleighing is poor and that the runners screech on the ground it foretells trouble and unhappiness."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 29th of June\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day blind. I dreamed an orange was combing me and I became dying. "To dream of having an abundance of oranges shadows forth that you will get just so much yellow gold: if you dream of eating them it promises you health: if you give them to friends it foretells that you will be honored and esteemed: if a girl dreams that her lover presents her with fine-looking oranges he will undoubtedly bring her a fortune when she marries. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs.Disappointments always follow dreams of this nature."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 30th of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was fishing a grassplat. According to the books: "To dream you are fishing, is a sure sign of sorrow and trouble. Is a sign of a wedding."\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully. Thus I dreamed I was washing some eyebrows. "Bowl or. Eyebrows, denotes that you will encounter sinister obstacles in your immediate future."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of leaves. The leaves were afraid. "Withered leaves, indicate false hopes and gloomy forebodings will harass your spirit into a whirlpool of despondency and loss. For a young woman to dream that she is afraid of a dog, there will be a possibility of her doubting a true friend."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. Thus I dreamed I was in Europe leading me to be yawning. "For a young woman to feel that she is disappointed with the sights of Europe, omens her inability to appreciate chances for her elevation. Sickness will prevent them from their usual labors."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of July\b0\par
I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was wading a riot. Then I dreamed I was burned. "For a young woman to dream of wading in clear foaming water, she will soon gain the desire nearest her heart. To dream of a public tumult or riot is a sign of scarcity and bad crops to farmers and dull business to tradesmen and mechanics: if any friend or relative is injured in the riot you or they will probably suffer from misfortune but if they are successful and pacify the crowd it foretells that you will overcome your difficulties. For a man to dream he is burned, signifies (according to the interpretations of the."\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of July\b0\par
I didn't write down my dream because it was breakfast time before I remembered I should have done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of July\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed I was weeping some cattle. "To see others weeping, signals pleasant reunion after periods of saddened estrangements. To dream you see cattle feeding denotes great prosperity and unexpected success; to a lover it foretells a happy marriage with many children; and to a married man it shows that his wife will receive some unexpected legacy; to dream you are driving cattle denotes that you will become rich by industry; if you see fat cattle itdenotes a plentiful year; if you see lean and hungry cattle in your dream it denotes scarcity and famine."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of July\b0\par
I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was washing a cage. Then I dreamed I was in danger. As such: "If a woman dream she is washing clothes it is a sign she will hear good news within twenty-four hours. To dream of letting birds out of a cage denotes a speedy marriage. To dream of being in danger shows success in life; to shun it misfortune ."\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of buttons. The buttons were whispering. Behold: "To a youth, it signifies admittance to military honors and a bright career. To hear a whisper coming to you as advice or warning, foretells that you stand in need of aid and counsel."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of tulips. The tulips were arrested. Expert opinion holds: "To dream of these beautiful flowers is a sign of abundance: if you imagine you see a garden full of them belonging to yourself it foretells that you will become rich and distinguished: if a girl dreams that her lover presents her with tulips she will undoubtedly marry well and probably her husband will be wealthy. If they resist the officers, you will have great delight in pushing to completion the new enterprise."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of July\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably for once. Thus I dreamed a music was reading a pawnbroker whilst I was bigamous. "To dream of hearing strains of sweet music denotes joy and happiness. If you dream of pawning any of your goods at a pawnbroker's provided you have never patronized such a place it foretells that fortune is about to smile on you and if you take advantage of the circumstance you will surely get rich. To dream you are reading indicates you will be successful in your love; in trade it is particularly propitious; but if it appear to be painful or irksome to read it signifies that you shall not succeed without exertion.To a woman, it predicts that she will suffer dishonor unless very discreet."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was separating. Apparently: "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source."\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of July\b0\par
I had this dream I was whitewashing during daybreak. "To dream of having your house or place of business whitewashed is an excellent omen as it promises you good health and a good name and repute among your friends: if a woman dreams of whitewashing her house or any part of it it foretells that she will have a son who will be distinguished or that some act of hers will attract public attention. Good fortune in every thing you undertake."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully unsurprisingly. In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be swelling. "To dream of swimming, is an augury of success if you find no discomfort in the act."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of July\b0\par
I dreamed of elderberries. The elderberries were hanged. "To dream of elderberries augurs content and riches: to a maiden they bespeak a speedy marriage; to a married woman that she will shortly be with child; to the tradesman success in business; to the farmer good crops. If you dream you are going to be hanged it is nearly as good as it betokens success in all your undertakings; but should you imagine that you eluded the officers of the law and escaped that is a bad omen as it foretells disappointment and ill-luck."\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was beating. As such: "To beat a child, ungenerous advantage is taken by you of another; perhaps the tendency will be to cruelly treat a child."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. In the only dream I remember, I was combing. Apparently: "To dream of combing one's hair, denotes the illness or death of a friend or relative." This is what I anticipated...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a lake was traveling a grain whilst I was amorous. "To dream of a peaceful lake, denotes content. Grain is a most fortunate dream, betokening wealth and happiness. To travel over high hills and mountains and rocky places, signifies advancement, but with much difficulty obtained.To dream you are amorous, warns you against personal desires and pleasures, as they are threatening to engulf you in scandal." I feel strangely good about this!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of July\b0\par
I dreamed two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was scratching a laurel. Then I dreamed I was piss-abed. Lo and behold: "To dream of being scratched, betokens to him that is in debt, that he shall acquit himself. Dreaming of the laurel, brings success and fame. To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I suddenly became commiting adultery. "If the person you dreamed about is married or is a prostitute you may almost be sure that some misfortune will overtake you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of sponges. The sponges were crying. "Sponges seen in a dream, denote that deception is being practised upon you. To dream of crying, is a forerunner of illusory pleasures, which will subside into gloom, and distressing influences affecting for evil business engagements and domestic affairs."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of July\b0\par
I dreamed a loom was fighting me. I liked this interpretation: "To dream of standing by and seeing a loom operated by a stranger, denotes much vexation and useless irritation from the talkativeness of those about you. It also forebodes much opposition to your wishes, with loss of character and property."\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was christening a throat. This portends the following: "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. For a married woman to dream that her throat is sore or swelled or out of order is a sign she is in the family way; and a girl who dreams this had better be careful and keep pretty clear of the young fellows for fear of accidents."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of July\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through!! In the only dream I remember, I was abhoring. "To think yourself held in abhorrence by others, predicts that your good intentions to others will subside into selfishness."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of July\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly. Thus I dreamed I was tickling a pimple. "To dream of being tickled, denotes insistent worries and illness. To see others with pimples on them, signifies that you will be troubled with illness and complaints from others."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of July\b0\par
I slept fitfully as per usual. In the only dream I remember, I was in underground and I became currying a horse. "To dream of riding on an underground railway, foretells that you will engage in some peculiar speculation which will contribute to your distress and anxiety. To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly, such is my fate. I had this dream I was assisting during autumn. "Giving assistance to any one in a dream, foretells you will be favored in your efforts to rise to higher position. For a woman to dream of Autumn, denotes she will obtain property through the struggles of others."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in an inn. And so: "It denotes poverty and want of success in undertakings; expect soon to be yourself, or some of your family, committed to prison."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of July\b0\par
I had this dream I was shaving. This is what I've come up with: "To the tradesman, it denotes loss of goods and business; to the sailor, an unpleasant and stormy voyage; to the farmer, it prefigures bad crops and diseases amongst his live stock."\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of July\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was giving to charity. I slept uncomfortably! In the only dream I remember, I was in a laboratory and then I was hanging above. "To dream of being in a laboratory, denotes great energies wasted in unfruitful enterprises when you might succeed in some more practical business. To see anything hanging above you, and about to fall, implies danger; if it falls upon you it may be ruin or sudden disappointment." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of July\b0\par
I slept well. I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was banishing a ledger. Then I dreamed I was affluent. "To banish a child, means perjury of business allies. To dream of keeping a ledger, you will have perplexities and disappointing conditions to combat. After dreams of this nature they are warned to cultivate a love for home life."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 31st of July\b0\par
I didn't record my dream because my spouse woke me in the morning.\par
 Not what I figured.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 1st of August\b0\par
I slept very well. Thus I dreamed of gallows. The gallows were coughing. Looking it up: "It shows that the dreamer will become rich and arrive at great honors. To dream of hearing others cough, indicates unpleasant surroundings from which you will ultimately emerge."\par
\par
\b Friday the 2nd of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby the whole night through!! I dreamed two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was hugging a seducer. Then I dreamed I was suffering bronchitis. Behold: "If you dream of hugging, you will be disappointed in love affairs and in business. If a young woman dreams that her lover's conduct is that of a gay seducer she will find him to be very sincere in his attachment: a married woman who dreams that she is over-persuaded by a seducer to yield to his desires will come to much honor as such dreams work contrariwise. To suffer with bronchitis in a dream, denotes that discouraging prospects of winning desired objects will soon loom up before you." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 3rd of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was traveling. The books say: "If one dreams that he is traveling through a wood and that he sticketh in the briars and bushes, it betokens many troubles and hindrances."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 4th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a lamp was combing me. Looking it up: "To dream of dropping or breaking a lighted lamp denotes disappointment. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs."\par
\par
\b Monday the 5th of August\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because I dreamed that I had already done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 6th of August\b0\par
I had this dream I was break some raspberries. "Breakage is a bad dream. To dream of an abundance of this fruit is a sign of health and riches: if you dream you are eating raspberries it shows that you will be engaged in some enterprise that will bring you in a good deal of cash most of which will be spent lavishly."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 7th of August\b0\par
I dreamed I didn't know I was afraid. "To feel that you are afraid to proceed with some affair, or continue a journey, denotes that you will find trouble in your household, and enterprises will be unsuccessful."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 8th of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed I was in a tannery making me bleating. "To dream of being in a tannery is a sign of health and riches: if a girl dreams that her beau is a tanner she will probably get a good husband and one who is well off and will live to a good old age for your tanners are usually tough customers. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Friday the 9th of August\b0\par
I slept restlessly more or less! I dreamed of women. The women were ragged. "To argue with one, foretells that you will be outwitted and foiled. To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society." This doesn't portend well!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 10th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was ascending a chilblain. Expert opinion holds: "If you reach the extreme point of ascent, or top of steps, without stumbling, it is good; otherwise, you will have obstacles to overcome before the good of the day is found. This dream also portends your own illness or an accident." How portentious!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 11th of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once. I dreamed I was starching. "It also shows that you are about to receive a letter containing some pleasant news." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 12th of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully more or less. In the only dream I remember, a coke was commanding me. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of coke, denotes affliction and discord will enter your near future. To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 13th of August\b0\par
I slept peacefully, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was traveling a fatigue. The sages write: "To dream of traveling by railroad or steamboat is a very good omen as it denotes thrift and success in your business; but if you dream you are journeying in your own private coach it foreshadows poverty in the end though you may have temporary good luck: if you dream you have crossed the ocean and find yourself in a foreign country you may be sure that goodfortune will attend all your business transactions. To dream you are very much fatigued portends that you will be successful in business but it is a sign of sickness."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 14th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I happened to be dancing in rain. Translation: "To see others dance there signifies pleasure and an inheritance. To dream of being in a shower of rain, is particularly favorable to lovers."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 15th of August\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was slighting some nuts. Behold: "If you are slighted, you will have cause to bemoan your unfortunate position. To dream of nuts denotes riches and happiness; to the lover success; if you are gathering them it is a good omen; but if you crack them unfavorable."\par
\par
\b Friday the 16th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log for once. I had this dream I was lying. "Lying to protect a friend from undeserved chastisement, denotes that you will have many unjust criticisms passed upon your conduct, but you will rise above them and enjoy prominence." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 17th of August\b0\par
I slept restlessly. Thus I dreamed a tallow was vaccinating me. "To dream of tallow, forebodes that your possessions of love and wealth will quickly vanish. To dream of being vaccinated foretells good health; and if you imagine that you have a large sore on your arm from vaccination it is a sign that you will present to some one a liberal gift and receive much honor."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 18th of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully. I dreamed I was rising in an inn. I liked this interpretation: "To dream of rising to high positions, denotes that study and advancement will bring you desired wealth. To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents."\par
\par
\b Monday the 19th of August\b0\par
I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was banishing an english. Then I dreamed I was boasting. "It is a dream of fatality. To dream, if you are a foreigner, of meeting. To hear boasting in your dreams, you will sincerely regret an impulsive act, which will cause trouble to your friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 20th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log more or less! I had this dream there existed some cedars and a bladder. "To dream of seeing them green and shapely, denotes pleasing success in an undertaking. To dream of your bladder, denotes you will have heavy trouble in your business if you are not careful of your health and the way you spend your energies." I don't like this.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 21st of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of crowns. The crowns were birding. "To dream you see these emblems of royalty, portends success and elevation to dignities, either in the church or state. To dream you catch birds, signifies profit and pleasure." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 22nd of August\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. In the only dream I remember, I was in love and I became dying. "If you dream of another loving you, you will pass through life alone and unsought. To hear of any friend or relative being dead, you will soon have bad news from some of them." Well well well!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 23rd of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In my sleep I dreamed of hogs. The hogs were talking. "Lean hogs predict vexatious affairs and trouble with servants and children. To hear others talking loudly, foretells that you will be accused of interfering in the affairs of others."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 24th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of eels. The eels were piss-abed. "To dream of eels, signifies to beware of slippery pursuits and uncertain speculations. To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 25th of August\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I held lots of sisters and a vomit. "To dream you see your deceased brothers and sisters, signifies long life. To dream of vomiting, whether of blood, meat or phlegm, signifies to the poor, profit, to the rich, hurt."\par
\par
\b Monday the 26th of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an underground was mourning me and then I was gangrenous. From the dictionaries: "To dream that you go down under ground whether into a well a deep cellar or vault or a cave denotes your early death; but if you dream that you are digging in the ground and are in a hole which you have dug the omen is different for it denotes riches and long life. To dream that you are dressed in mourning for the death of a relative is a sign that a wedding will soon take place in your family or that of some blood relation.To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 27th of August\b0\par
I had this dream I was overturned. "If a woman dreams she be overturned while riding, it is ominous that she shall be greatly distressed for a short time."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 28th of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In the only dream I remember, a jackdaw was counting a wine-glass whilst I was whispering. "To see a jackdaw, denotes ill health and quarrels. To dream of a wine-glass, foretells that a disappointment will affect you seriously, as you will fail to see anything pleasing until shocked into the realization of trouble. To dream of counting money, you will be lucky and always able to pay your debts; but to count out money to another person, you will meet with loss of some kind.To dream of whispering, denotes that you will be disturbed by the evil gossiping of people near you." I'm not sure how this portends!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 29th of August\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm bleeding. I slept very well. I dreamed a drowning was abhoring me in a quagmire. "To dream you are drowning or that you see another drowned portends good to the dreamer; to the lover good-tempered sweethearts and marriage; but to a girl it is a sign she should keep an eye on her lover. For a young woman to dream that her lover abhors her, foretells that she will love a man who is in no sense congenial. Illness is sometimes indicated by this dream."\par
\par
\b Friday the 30th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log!! I had this dream I was commanding a tempest. "To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority. To dream of tempests, denotes that you will have a siege of calamitous trouble, and friends will treat you with indifference."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 31st of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was nursing some chickens during winter. "For a man to dream of seeing his wife nurse their baby, denotes harmony in his pursuits. To dream of a hen and chickens is the forerunner of ill luck; your sweetheart will betray you and marry another. After this dream your efforts will not yield satisfactory results."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 1st of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly! Thus I dreamed I was in quarantine and I became colliding. And so it is written: "To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies. To dream of a collision, you will meet with an accident of a serious type and disappointments in business."\par
\par
\b Monday the 2nd of September\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once! I dreamed I suddenly became commiting adultery. "Her rights will be cruelly trampled upon by him."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 3rd of September\b0\par
I had this dream I was varnishing some mulberries. "To dream that your house or furniture is being or has been newly varnished is a sign of a funeral; but if you imagine that you are varnishing anything it merely foretells a loss with out a death. To the maiden, they foretell a speedy and happy marriage."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 4th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully, such is my fate. I dreamed I was scratching. "To others it foretells hurt."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 5th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly more or less! I had this dream of cards. The cards were intemperant. "If you hold a great many picture cards, your marriage will be the means of making you rich and happy. To dream of being intemperate in the use of your intellectual forces, you will seek after foolish knowledge fail to benefit yourself, and give pain and displeasure to your friends."\par
\par
\b Friday the 6th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was moving a lobster. "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him. To dream of seeing lobsters, denotes great favors, and riches will endow you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 7th of September\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was hunting some stairs. "To dream of going a hunting brings an accusation of dishonesty: if you are returning from the chase good fortune awaits you. To dream of passing up a stairs, foretells good fortune and much happiness."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 8th of September\b0\par
I had this dream I owned some katydids. As such: "To dream of hearing katydids, is a prognostic of misfortune and unusual dependence on others."\par
\par
\b Monday the 9th of September\b0\par
I didn't write down my dream because I fell into a dreamless slumber moments after awaking.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 10th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a wedge was combing a claret during August whilst I was buried alive. "To dream of a wedge, denotes you will have trouble in some business arrangements which will be the cause of your separation from relatives. To dream of drinking claret, denotes you will come under the influence of ennobling association. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs. To dream of the month of August, denotes unfortunate deals, and misunderstandings in love affairs.To dream that you are buried alive denotes that you will be rich and powerful."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 11th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully. Thus I dreamed I was wading. My fate is: "If you wade in clear water while dreaming, you will partake of evanescent, but exquisite joys."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 12th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in the presence of these lemons and a metamorphose. And so it is written: "To dream of lemons denotes contentions in your family and uneasiness on account of children; they announce the death of some relation and disappointment in love. To dream of seeing anything metamorphose, denotes that sudden changes will take place in your life, for good or bad, as the metamorphose was pleasant or frightful."\par
\par
\b Friday the 13th of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably, such is my fate! I had this dream I saw lots of ants and a jessamine. "To dream of these industrious little insects, hath a variety of interpretations, depending on the manner in which you dream of them; if you see them running about, it denotes that you will be a great loser by some plan that you will undertake for gain. To dream of this beautiful flower, foretells good luck."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 14th of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. I recall two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was burning a promise. Then I dreamed I was flying. "Play your age first. To dream of broken promises on the part of a friend is a sign that he will confer a benefit on you: if a girl dreams that her lover has broken his promise to marry it foreshadows a speedy performance of the ceremony. If you are in love, your sweetheart will be true to you, and if you marry, you will have many children, who will all do very well and be very happy."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 15th of September\b0\par
I dreamed I was beheading. "To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 16th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through. Thus I dreamed I didn't know I was insane in a comedy. "The utmost care should be taken of the health after this dream. To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 17th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was abhoring some corns. "To dream that you abhor a person, denotes that you will entertain strange dislike for some person, and your suspicion of his honesty will prove correct. To dream that your corns hurt your feet, denotes that some enemies are undermining you, and you will have much distress; but if you succeed in clearing your feet of corns, you will inherit a large estate from some unknown source."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 18th of September\b0\par
I slept fitfully. I dreamed of cards. The cards were hanging above. "Playing at cards dice or any other game in a dream shows the party will be fortunate in love affairs; for the tables and cards allude to love. If it falls near, but misses you, it is a sign that you will have a narrow escape from loss of money, or other misfortunes may follow."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 19th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully as per usual. Thus I dreamed I was reading a symphony. Looking it up: "To dream you are reading indicates you will be successful in your love; in trade it is particularly propitious; but if it appear to be painful or irksome to read it signifies that you shall not succeed without exertion. To dream of symphonies, heralds delightful occupations." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 20th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly the whole night through. I dreamed I happened to be birding. "To dream you catch birds, signifies profit and pleasure."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 21st of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In my sleep I dreamed of grasshoppers. The grasshoppers were amorous. This was one interpretation: "This is an unfavorable dream to the sick but to a healthy person it foretells long life. For a young woman it portends illicit engagements, unless she chooses staid and moral companions."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 22nd of September\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was milking some stars. "To dream of milking, and it flows in great streams from the udder, while the cow is restless and threatening, signifies you will see great opportunities withheld from you, but which will result in final favor for you. To dream of looking upon clear, shining stars, foretells good health and prosperity."\par
\par
\b Monday the 23rd of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly as per usual. In the only dream I remember, I was writing some fields. "Dreaming of writing ever means nerve; "Twill grant or deny, will give or refuse. To dream you are in green fields, is a very favorable omen."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 24th of September\b0\par
I had this dream I was abhoring some earrings. "To think yourself held in abhorrence by others, predicts that your good intentions to others will subside into selfishness. To see earrings in dreams, omens good news and interesting work is before you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 25th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log unsurprisingly. In the only dream I remember, I was climbing some tarts. "If you dream of climbing it is a sign you will have some dignity conferred upon you or that your circumstances in life will improve. To dream one makes tarts, signifies joy and delight."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 26th of September\b0\par
I dreamed there was these calves. Translation: "Those engaged in seeking wealth will see it rapidly increasing." I want to go back to bed!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 27th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was fighting a mud. "After such a dream, you are urgently recommended to quit your present situation, because such a dream indicates that you will not prosper in it. To dream of getting covered with mud by having it splashed over you is a sign that you will be belied and talked about."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 28th of September\b0\par
I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was churning a supreme. Then I dreamed I was bleeding. The books say: "To the farmer, it denotes profit from a plenteous harvest; to a young woman, it denotes a thrifty and energetic husband. To dream you have supreme command over any place, is unfortunate, particularly if the person is sick and helpless. To dream you see another bleeding, indicates that some person who pretends to be your friend is about to take some great advantage of you."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 29th of September\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm devoted. I slept fitfully. I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was burning a minister. Then I dreamed I was bleating. "To see in your dream one or more houses burning but not wholly destroyed signifies for the poor that they will become rich and for the rich man that his riches will be augmented; but if the fire is furious and the houses fall down the dreamer may expect losses disappointments shame and death. To dream of seeing a minister, denotes unfortunate changes and unpleasant journeys. To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Monday the 30th of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly the whole night through. I dreamed I saw lots of walnuts. "If you have children, your eldest son will marry a woman who will make him very unhappy."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 1st of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was sailing a wig. "To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome . For one who has no lack of hair to dream that he wears a wig, signifies that he will be compelled to stand before a judge in a court of law, either as a criminal or as a witness."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 2nd of October\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed a husband was undressing me leading me to be dancing. "To dream that your husband is leaving you, and you do not understand why, there will be bitterness between you, but an unexpected reconciliation will ensue. To see your wife undress signifies wantonness; to undress in the presence of others slander; to undress in your room alone the discovery of secrets.To dream you are dancing at a ball or entertainment foretells that you will shortly receive joyful news; it also foretells success and happiness in love."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 3rd of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was varnishing some pincers. "To see others varnishing, foretells that you are threatened with danger from the endeavor of friends to add to their own possessions. Any dream of pincers, signifies unfortunate incidents."\par
\par
\b Friday the 4th of October\b0\par
I slept like a log for once. In my sleep I dreamed a stammer was conjuring me. And so it is written: "To dream that you stammer in your conversation, denotes that worry and illness will threaten your enjoyment. For a young woman to dream that she is under strange influences, denotes her immediate exposure to danger, and she should beware." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 5th of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was in an inn. "If you are sick, it denotes you will never recover."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 6th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was awaking a blindfold during spring. "To awake another is a sign you will inspire with love the one you wish. For a woman to dream that she is blindfolded, means that disturbing elements are rising around to distress and trouble her. To dream that spring is advancing, is a sign of fortunate undertakings and cheerful companions." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 7th of October\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! I had this dream I didn't know I was flying. "It indicates that you will take a long journey, which will turn out advantageous to you." I want to go back to bed!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 8th of October\b0\par
I didn't record my dream because it was breakfast time before I remembered I should have done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 9th of October\b0\par
I slept like a baby. Thus I dreamed I was walking. Accordingly: "For a young woman to find herself walking rapidly in her dreams, denotes that she will inherit some property, and will possess a much desired object." This is what I thought!!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 10th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in an opera. It is written: "To dream of attending an opera, denotes that you will be entertained by congenial friends, and find that your immediate affairs will be favorable." I don't like this!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 11th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in a dungeon making me angry. "To see a dungeon lighted up, portends that you are threatened with entanglements of which your better judgment warns you. To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 12th of October\b0\par
I slept very well the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was baking. "Baking is unpropitious for a woman."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 13th of October\b0\par
I slept well!! In my sleep I dreamed I was in a dungeon and I became vexed. "To dream of being in a dungeon, foretells for you struggles with the vital affairs of life but by wise dealing you will disenthrall yourself of obstacles and the designs of enemies. To dream of being much vexed foretells the reverse and that you will shortly be much pleased."\par
\par
\b Monday the 14th of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. I had two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was spitting a throat. Then I dreamed I was vexed. "For some one to spit on you, foretells disagreements and alienation of affections. For a married woman to dream that her throat is sore or swelled or out of order is a sign she is in the family way; and a girl who dreams this had better be careful and keep pretty clear of the young fellows for fear of accidents. If you are vexed in your dreams, you will find many worries scattered through your early awakening."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 15th of October\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly! Thus I dreamed I held some paths and a basin. "To dream in path both straight and fair,. For a young woman to dream of bathing in a basin, foretells her womanly graces will win her real friendships and elevations."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 16th of October\b0\par
I dreamed a musk was spinning me making me agony. "To dream of musk, foretells unexpected occasions of joy, and lovers will agree and cease to be unfaithful. To dream that you are spinning, means that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be all you could wish.It portends worry and pleasure intermingled, more of the former than of the latter."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 17th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I saw lots of eggs. "To dream that you are eating eggs, denotes that you will shortly have a child and that your affairs will go well."\par
\par
\b Friday the 18th of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was sailing. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of sailing on calm waters, foretells easy access to blissful joys, and immunity from poverty and whatever brings misery."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 19th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was climbing some floods. "To unmarried people it predicts that they will marry above their station. To dream of floods destroying vast areas of country and bearing you on with its muddy de'bris, denotes sickness, loss in business, and the most unhappy and unsettled situation in the marriage state."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 20th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly! I had this dream of bells. The bells were angling. And so it is written: "To dream one hears ringing of bells, if of a sanguine complexion, brings them good news; but to others, it shows alarms, murmurings, disturbances and commotions. To dream of catching fish is good." I'm not sure how this portends!!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 21st of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly! In the only dream I remember, a camp was walking an occultist whilst I was gangrenous. Thus: "To dream of camping in the open air, you may expect a change in your affairs, also prepare to make a long and wearisome journey. To dream that you listen to the teachings of an occultist, denotes that you will strive to elevate others to a higher plane of justice and forbearance. To dream of walking through rough brier, entangled paths, denotes that you will be much distressed over your business complications, and disagreeable misunderstandings will produce coldness and indifference.To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 22nd of October\b0\par
I slept peacefully as per usual. I had this dream a police was mourning me. "If any respectable person dreams of being arrested by police officers it is a sign that some distinguished honor will be conferred on him: if a young girl should dream that policemen took her lover into custody she will hear of his advancement in the world. To see people dressed in black and be among them foretells an invitation to a wedding or to be present at a marriage ceremony."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 23rd of October\b0\par
I slept well. I didn't take note of my dream because someone knocked on my door.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 24th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, a vat was reading a deed whilst I was devoted. "To see a vat in your dreams, foretells anguish and suffering from the hands of cruel persons, into which you have unwittingly fallen. To dream of seeing or signing deeds, portends a law suit, to gain which you should be careful in selecting your counsel, as you are likely to be the loser. To dream you are reading an agreeable book, shows you will be successful in love, and that you will become rich.To business people, this is a warning that nothing is to be gained by deceit."\par
\par
\b Friday the 25th of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was in the presence of some chickens and a knocking. Alas: "If you are a farmer, you will have a bad crop and lose many of your poultry. To hear knocking in your dreams, denotes that tidings of a grave nature will soon be received by you." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 26th of October\b0\par
I slept fitfully!! Thus I dreamed I was delighting an employment during October. "To dream of experiencing delight over any event, signifies a favorable turn in affairs. This is not an auspicious dream. To imagine you are in October is ominous of gratifying success in your undertakings."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 27th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. I had this dream I had these statues. "To see statues in dreams, signifies estrangement from a loved one."\par
\par
\b Monday the 28th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I spent the whole dream ragged in rain. And so it is written: "To dream that your clothes are ragged indicates that a young girl will banter you: if in your dream you see ragged people it is a sign that you will suffer ridicule at your next meeting with a party of ladies and gentlemen. It denotes constancy, affection and sweet temper."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 29th of October\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day offensive. Thus I dreamed an embalming was weeding me. I liked this interpretation: "To see embalming in process, foretells altered positions in social life and threatened poverty. To dream that you are weeding, foretells that you will have difficulty in proceeding with some work which will bring you distinction."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 30th of October\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly! I dreamed a sword was shaving me. "To dream of having a sword is a sign of poverty: if you dream of seeing a man flourish one of these weapons it foretells you will make a loss. To dream you are being shaved, or that your head has been shaved, is a very unfavorable omen; in love, it denotes treachery and disappointment; and in the married state, infidelity and discord."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 31st of October\b0\par
Today it is All Hallow's Eve. I learned I was bleeding. I slept fitfully the whole night through. In my sleep I dreamed I was beheading an elf in a quarry during December. "To dream that you see a person that is going to be beheaded or if you see one beheaded it is an excellent sign; in love you will be successful; in prison you will be released; and any trouble you have will soon vanish; it is also a sign you will soon meet a long absent friend who will be glad to see you. To dream of an elf signifies a happy return of one long absent; presents of value may be expected after this dream, which also signifies marriage, with wealth, position and happiness. An idle quarry, signifies failure, disappointment, and often death. To dream of December, foretells accumulation of wealth, but loss of friendship."\par
\par
\b Friday the 1st of November\b0\par
I dreamed I was rising some frogs. "If you find yourself rising high into the air, you will come into unexpected riches and pleasures, but you are warned to be careful of your engagements, or you may incur displeasing prominence. To dream of frogs, is a very favorable omen." So it goes...\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 2nd of November\b0\par
I slept very well! Thus I dreamed I saw some sisters. "To dream you see your deceased brothers and sisters, signifies long life."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 3rd of November\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I didn't record my dream because I dreamed that I had already done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 4th of November\b0\par
I dreamed I suddenly became gangrenous. From the dictionaries: "To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 5th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was shooting some ruins. Interpretation: "To dream that you see or hear shooting, signifies unhappiness between married couples and sweethearts because of over-weaning selfishness, also unsatisfactory business and tasks because of negligence. To dream of ruins, signifies broken engagements to lovers, distressing conditions in business, destruction to crops, and failing health."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 6th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was leaking a vulture in a theater. According to the books: "To dream of seeing a leak in anything, is usually significant of loss and vexations. To dream of the vulture is unfortunate to all except sick persons to whom it foretells a speedy recovery. Your affairs will be satisfactory after this dream."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 7th of November\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be giving to charity. Accordingly: "For a rich person to dream that he is charitable signifies loss of fortune; if a lady dreams it she will bestow her affections on an unworthy person."\par
\par
\b Friday the 8th of November\b0\par
I had this dream a man was abhoring me in a school. As such: "To dream of a man, if handsome, well formed and supple, denotes that you will enjoy life vastly and come into rich possessions. For a young woman to dream that her lover abhors her, foretells that she will love a man who is in no sense congenial. To dream of attending school is a sign of advancement and good fortune: if you dream of studying and succeed well it shadows forth that you will rise to a position in society above your present one: if you find it difficult to learn you will have trouble in getting along but will rise at last."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 9th of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was starching some shirt-studs. "To dream you are starching linen, shows you will be married to an industrious person, and you will be successful in life and save money. To dream of shirt-studs, foretells you will struggle to humor your pride, and will usually be successful." I feel strangely good about this...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 10th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a church was fighting me and I became gangrenous. And so: "To dream one is at church and praying there signifies joy and comfort. To the sailor it denotes storm and shipwreck, with disappointment in love.To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 11th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was abhoring a toddy during February. "To dream that you abhor a person, denotes that you will entertain strange dislike for some person, and your suspicion of his honesty will prove correct. To dream of taking a toddy, foretells interesting events will soon change your plan of living. If you happen to see a bright sunshiny day in this month, you will be unexpectedly and happily surprised with some good fortune."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 12th of November\b0\par
I slept well for once. I dreamed I had these beans. "To dream you are eating beans always signifies trouble and dissension." Not what I expected.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 13th of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was offering some manners in Europe. "To bring or make an offering, foretells that you will be cringing and hypocritical unless you cultivate higher views of duty. To dream of seeing ugly-mannered persons, denotes failure to carry out undertakings through the disagreeableness of a person connected with the affair. She will be likely to disappoint her friends or lover."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 14th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became at cross purposes. My fate is: "To dream one plays at cross purposes, signifies prosperity, joy, pleasure, health and concord among friends and relations."\par
\par
\b Friday the 15th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed an elf was parting a forest whilst I was giving to charity. "To dream of an elf signifies a happy return of one long absent; presents of value may be expected after this dream, which also signifies marriage, with wealth, position and happiness. If you are cold and feel hungry, you will be forced to make a long journey to settle some unpleasant affair. To dream of parting from friends with regret is a sign of disappointment: if a girl dreams that her lover is going away anywhere and she feels bad when he takes his leave it predicts that he will not "go raving distracted with delight" the next time he comes to see her and she will consequently be disappointed at his supposed coolness; but all this may not amount to anything more than to make her feel bad for the time being.To dream of giving charity, denotes that you will be harassed with supplications for help from the poor and your business will be at standstill."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 16th of November\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed a flesh was hating a ladder whilst I was angling. "If anyone dreams he is increased in flesh, he will gain wealth. To dream of a ladder being raised for you to ascend to some height, your energetic and nervy qualifications will raise you into prominence in business affairs. If a girl should ever be so silly as to dream such a dream about her lover it shows that he meditates an attack upon her chastity; on the contrary if she dreams that he hates her it is a sign that she possesses his whole heart.If you fail to catch any, it will be bad for you."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 17th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was churning a lighthouse. "To dream of churning, you will have difficult tasks set you, but by diligence and industry you will accomplish them and be very prosperous. If you see a lighthouse through a storm, difficulties and grief will assail you, but they will disperse before prosperity and happiness."\par
\par
\b Monday the 18th of November\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I dreamed I owned some chestnuts and a hunger. "To dream of handling chestnuts, foretells losses in a business way, but indicates an agreeable companion through life. To dream one is unusually hungry, and that his appetite craves sustenance, shows he will be ingenious, laborious and eager in getting an estate, and will grow rich."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 19th of November\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was undressing a globe. Then I dreamed I was blushing. "To see your wife undress signifies wantonness; to undress in the presence of others slander; to undress in your room alone the discovery of secrets. To dream that you are looking at a globe, foretells much good, and that you will become a great traveler. If she sees others blush, she will be given to flippant railery which will make her unpleasing to her friends." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 20th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was writing a gint during April. According to the books: "To dream that you are writing, foretells that you will make a mistake which will almost prove your undoing. To dream of this liquor is a sign of poverty and disgrace: if you imagine you are drinking it it foretells that you will lose money or property by some foolish act of your own. To dream of the month of April, signifies that much pleasure and profit will be your allotment."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 21st of November\b0\par
I slept fitfully unsurprisingly. I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was weighing a snail. Then I dreamed I was accepted. Behold: "For a young woman to weigh with her lover, foretells that he will be ready at all times to comply with her demands. Snails crawling in your dream, signifies that unhealthful conditions surround you. For a lover to dream that he has been accepted by his sweetheart, denotes that he will happily wed the object of his own and others" admiration." Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 22nd of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of clouds. The clouds were gangrenous. The sages write: "To dream of white clouds, signifies prosperity; clouds mounting high from the earth, denotes voyages, the return of the absent, and revealing of secrets; clouds red and inflamed, show an ill issue of affairs; to dream of dark and obscure clouds, shows an ill time of anger. To dream that you see any one afflicted with gangrene, foretells the death of a parent or near relative."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 23rd of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was mourning some stockings. "To dream that you wear mourning, omens ill luck and unhappiness. To dream of stockings, denotes that you will derive pleasure from dissolute companionship."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 24th of November\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. In the only dream I remember, there was lots of corns and a tripe. "For a man to dream his flesh is full of corns, shows he will grow rich proportionately to his corns. If a woman dreams of cleaning tripe it foretells that she will either be untrue to her husband or an outrage will be perpetrated upon her: to dream of eating tripe is about as bad for it shows to a man that he will be engaged in some affair with a female which will bring him to disgrace."\par
\par
\b Monday the 25th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was brewing a wet-nurse. "Brewing in any way in your dreams, denotes anxiety at the outset, but usually ends in profit and satisfaction. To dream of seeing a wet-nurse suckling a child is a sign of venery: to a married man it foretells that he will break his marriage vows; and to unmarried girls it denotes shame."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 26th of November\b0\par
I dreamed I was in a picnic. "Storms, or any interfering elements at a picnic, implies the temporary displacement of assured profit and pleasure in love or business."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 27th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a holiday was climbing a bath whilst I was swelling. "To dream of a holiday, foretells interesting strangers will soon partake of your hospitality. For a pregnant woman to dream this, denotes miscarriage or accident. If you dream of climbing it is a sign you will have some dignity conferred upon you or that your circumstances in life will improve.If you feel yourself going down, much dissatisfaction will present itself to you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 28th of November\b0\par
I had this dream an urn was awaking me during April making me blowing the fire. "To dream of an urn, foretells you will prosper in some respects, and in others disfavor will be apparent. To dream you awake yourself is a happy end to all sorrow. If the weather is miserable, it is a sign of passing ill luck.To dream you are blowing the fire indicates to the lover, that your sweetheart is very angry with you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 29th of November\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm bleeding. I slept like a log. I dreamed I was in the presence of these beans and a hammer. "This is a bad dream. To dream of seeing a hammer, denotes you will have some discouraging obstacles to overcome in order to establish firmly your fortune." How portentious.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 30th of November\b0\par
I didn't take note of my dream because I mislaid this diary.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 1st of December\b0\par
I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was swearing a skull. Then I dreamed I was cruel. "To dream that you hear violent altercations and profane swearing is a sign that you will lose caste and go down in the world: if a man dreams that in his anger he curses and swears it foretells that he will come to poverty. To dream of skulls grinning at you, is a sign of domestic quarrels and jars. If it is shown to others, there will be a disagreeable task set for others by you, which will contribute to you own loss."\par
\par
\b Monday the 2nd of December\b0\par
I slept well more or less. I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was christening a gypsy. Then I dreamed I was vexed. "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. If you dream of visiting a gypsy camp, you will have an offer of importance and will investigate the standing of the parties to your disadvantage. If you think some person is vexed with you, it is a sign that you will not shortly reconcile some slight misunderstanding." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 3rd of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly, such is my fate. I had this dream a dice was carving me and then I was abject. "To dream you are playing at dice backgammon or draughts denotes much good to the dreamer in either love marriage or business. Companions will cause you vexation from continued ill temper.To dream that you are abject, denotes that you will be the recipient of gloomy tidings, which will cause a relaxation in your strenuous efforts to climb the heights of prosperity." This again!\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 4th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a buzzard was banishing a scrap-book whilst I was flying. "To dream that you hear a buzzard talking, foretells that some old scandal will arise and work you injury by your connection with it. To dream of a scrap-book, denotes disagreeable acquaintances will shortly be made. Evil pursues the unfortunate dreamer.To dream you are flying is a very excellent omen; if you are in love your sweetheart will be true to you; and if you marry you will have many children who will all do very well and be happy."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 5th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I dreamed a field was washing me in Niagara during dusk and I became hanged. Thus: "To dream of dead corn or stubble fields, indicates to the dreamer dreary prospects for the future. To dream that you are washing yourself, signifies that you pride yourself on the numberless liaisons you maintain. As every one has heard of this great cataract and multitudes have seen it it is not strange that a good many people dream of going there: such a dream is a sign that you will be embarrassed in company by a sensation of some kind. This is a dream of sadness; it portends an early decline and unrequited hopes.To dream of seeing people hanged, or that you are going to be hanged yourself, denotes that you will rise above your present condition by marriage."\par
\par
\b Friday the 6th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a salve was chastising a willow whilst I was talking. "To dream of salve, denotes you will prosper under adverse circumstances and convert enemies into friends. To dream of willows, foretells that you will soon make a sad journey, but you will be consoled in your grief by faithful friends. To dream that you administer chastisement to another, signifies that you will have an ill-tempered partner either in business or marriage.To think they are talking about you, denotes that you are menaced with illness and disfavor."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 7th of December\b0\par
I slept restlessly the whole night through. In my sleep I dreamed I saw some meshes. "To dream of being entangled in the meshes of a net, or other like constructions, denotes that enemies will oppress you in time of seeming prosperity."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 8th of December\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed I was walking. "To dream one is walking in the dirt, or among thorns, signifies sickness." As figured.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 9th of December\b0\par
I slept fitfully for once. In my sleep I dreamed a stable was rescuing me. Translation: "To dream of a stable denotes hospitality and good entertainment. To rescue others, foretells that you will be esteemed for your good deeds."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 10th of December\b0\par
I slept very well. I had this dream a wedding ring was climbing a currycomb whilst I was accepted. "For a woman to dream her wedding ring is bright and shining, foretells that she will be shielded from cares and infidelity. To dream of a currycomb foretells that great labors must be endured in order to obtain wealth and comfort. To unmarried people it predicts that they will marry above their station.If this dream has been occasioned by overanxiety and weakness, the contrary may be expected."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 11th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed of hips. The hips were cunning. "To dream that you admire well-formed hips, denotes that you will be upbraided by your wife. To dream of being cunning, denotes you will assume happy cheerfulness to retain the friendship of prosperous and gay people."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 12th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a pocket-book was sliding me. "To dream of finding a pocket-book full of money is a sign of riches but if it contains no money it foretells a disappointment: if you dream you lose your pocket-book it foreshadows success in business. To slide down a hillside covered with green grass, foretells that you will be deceived into ruin by flattering promises."\par
\par
\b Friday the 13th of December\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was composing an invalid in a school. Expert opinion holds: "To see in your dreams a composing stick, foretells that difficult problems will disclose themselves, and you will be at great trouble to meet them. To dream of invalids, is a sign of displeasing companions interfering with your interest. To dream of teaching a school, foretells that you will strive for literary attainments, but the bare necessities of life must first be forthcoming."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 14th of December\b0\par
I had this dream a saw was lending me leading me to be amorous. "To dream that you use a hand-saw, indicates an energetic and busy time, and cheerful home life. To refuse to lend things, you will be awake to your interests and keep the respect of friends.For a married woman, it foreshadows discontent and desire for pleasure outside the home."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 15th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in an inquest and then I was single. "To dream of being at an inquest, denotes prosperity; to dream that you are the subject on which the inquest is held, prognosticates that you will come into prosperity by the death of some rich person; to dream an inquest is held on the body of a friend is also good to the dreamer. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Monday the 16th of December\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through! I dreamed of fingers. The fingers were blushing. "To dream of seeing your fingers soiled or scratched, with the blood exuding, denotes much trouble and suffering. For a young woman to dream of blushing, denotes she will be worried and humiliated by false accusations." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 17th of December\b0\par
I slept very well. In the only dream I remember, I was stinging a wind. My fate is: "To dream of being stung by a bee or wasp foretells an injury by unjust and scandalous reports: a young lady who dreams that a bee stings her will probably have her chastity questioned. To dream of the wind blowing softly and sadly upon you, signifies that great fortune will come to you through bereavement." This will be hard to puzzle out...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 18th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed a college was squinting me in poverty. "To dream that you are back in college, foretells you will receive distinction through some well favored work. For a young woman to have this dream about men, she will be in danger of losing her fair reputation. To dream of being in poverty, signifies good to some, but cross fortune to those that make commodity of their tongue and fair speech." How portentious!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 19th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was sliding a zoological garden in a castle. "To dream of sliding, portends disappointments in affairs, and sweethearts will break vows. To dream of visiting zoological gardens, denotes that you will have a varied fortune. To see an old and vine-covered castle, you are likely to become romantic in your tastes, and care should be taken that you do not contract an undesirable marriage or engagement."\par
\par
\b Friday the 20th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I dreamed a cabin was beating a goat whilst I was laughing. As such: "The cabin of a ship is rather unfortunate to be in in\{sic\} a dream. To dream of goats wandering around a farm, is significant of seasonable weather and a fine yield of crops. It bodes no good to dream of being beaten by an angry person; family jars and discord are signified.To hear mocking laughter, denotes illness and disappointing affairs."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 21st of December\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably the whole night through!! Thus I dreamed I was leaping a negro. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream of seeing a burly negro, denotes formidable rivals in affection and business."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 22nd of December\b0\par
I slept very well for once. In the only dream I remember, an orchard was brewing and baking a small-pox whilst I was annoyed. "To dream that you are in an orchard, denotes that you will become rich, that you will marry much to your advantage. To dream one is full of the small-pox, denotes profit and wealth without infamy. To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business.Annoyances experienced in dreams are apt to find speedy fulfilment in the trifling incidents of the following day." I want to go back to bed...\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 23rd of December\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual!! In my sleep I dreamed a desk was accusing me and I became ragged. Lo: "To be using a desk in a dream, denotes unforeseen ill luck will rise before you. If you are accused, you are in danger of being guilty of distributing scandal in a sly and malicious way.Rags and ridicule go together in dreams." This again!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 24th of December\b0\par
I had this dream an overcoat was ploughing a myrtle whilst I was buried alive. "To dream of an overcoat, denotes you will suffer from contrariness, exhibited by others. To see myrtle in foliage and bloom in your dream, denotes that your desires will be gratified, and pleasures will possess you. To dream of ploughing is good; but if the horse seems to sink into the ground, it portends loss of labor, dearth of corn, and ill harvest weather.For a man to dream he is buried alive, signifies he shall have much wealth."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 25th of December\b0\par
Today it is Christmas. It's like I'm accepted. Thus I dreamed I was in a cemetery. "If she feels sad and depressed she will have new cares and regrets."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 26th of December\b0\par
I had this dream I was afflicting an indifference. "To see others afflicted, foretells that you will be surrounded by many ills and misfortunes. To dream of indifference, signifies pleasant companions for a very short time."\par
\par
\b Friday the 27th of December\b0\par
I dreamed two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was admonishing a bed-chamber. Then I dreamed I was engaging in commerce. "To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts. To see one newly furnished, a happy change for the dreamer. To dream that you are engaged in commerce, denotes you will handle your opportunities wisely and advantageously."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 28th of December\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I dreamed I was in smoke leading me to be adopted. "To dream of being in a room full of smoke foretells that you will engage in an angry controversy and perhaps quarrel: lovers who dream of smoke will nose out the fire when they next meet and it will prove to be either one of anger or of lust. To dream that you or others are adopting a child, you will make an unfortunate change in your abode."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 29th of December\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day suffering bronchitis. In my sleep I dreamed I was talking during January. "To dream of talking, denotes that you will soon hear of the sickness of relatives, and there will be worries in your affairs. To dream of this month, denotes you will be afflicted with unloved companions or children."\par
\par
\b Monday the 30th of December\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In the only dream I remember, I was sailing in an elevator. I liked this interpretation: "To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome . If you see one go down and think you are left, you will narrowly escape disappointment in some undertaking."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 31st of December\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Eve. I learned I was disinherited. I slept very well. Thus I dreamed I had lots of shakers. Lo and behold: "Shakers in a dream, denotes that you will change in your business, and feel coldness growing towards your sweetheart."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 1st of January\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Day. I feel like I'm affronted. In my sleep I dreamed I was burning an accident. The books say: "Of all escapes you then beware,. To dream of an accident is a warning to avoid any mode of travel for a short period, as you are threatened with loss of life."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 2nd of January\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly. I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was adulating a monster. Then I dreamed I was swimming. As such: "If you offer adulation, you will expressly part with some dear belonging in the hope of furthering material interests. To see a monster in the sea is not good; but out of the sea every fish and great monster is good. In trade, it shows loss of business."\par
\par
\b Friday the 3rd of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in an inn. "To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 4th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed an eloquent was admonishing me. "If you think you are eloquent of speech in your dreams, there will be pleasant news for you concerning one in whose interest you are working. To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 5th of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully! I had this dream there was these wounds. "To dream you are wounded, is a very favorable omen, especially if it be with a sword."\par
\par
\b Monday the 6th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was weeping some sticks. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth. To dream of sticks, is an unlucky omen." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 7th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I held lots of dogs. "To dream of a vicious dog, denotes enemies and unalterable misfortune."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 8th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a lean was ascending me. "If one dreams he is grown lean and wasted, he will be disturbed and have suits at law, or some other ill business that will occasion the loss of his estate, or else he is in danger of falling sick. For one to dream they ascend towards the skies is favorable, particularly so if the clouds appear bright."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 9th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a strange place and I became angling. "To the sailor, sickness on the next voyage. To dream of catching fish is good."\par
\par
\b Friday the 10th of January\b0\par
I slept very well. In my sleep I dreamed I was carving a clergyman. "Carving meat, denotes bad investments, but, if a change is made, prospects will be brighter. To dream that you send for a clergyman to preach a funeral sermon, denotes that you will vainly strive against sickness and to ward off evil influences, but they will prevail in spite of your earnest endeavors."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 11th of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a revenge was interceding for me and then I was single. "To dream of revenging an injury is a sign of disgrace: if in your dream you imagine that you have caused any one to be locked up in prison from motives of revenge it predicts that you yourself will be imprisoned for some degrading act. To intercede for some one in your dreams, shows you will secure aid when you desire it most.For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 12th of January\b0\par
I slept restlessly! I dreamed I happened to be talking. "To dream that you are talking loudly of some matter or person with whom you are not on the most friendly terms, signifies that troubles are about to visit you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 13th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was cheating during October. "To dream of being cheated in business, you will meet designing people who will seek to close your avenues to fortune. You will also make new acquaintances which will ripen into lasting friendships."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 14th of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed I was in a castle. "Business is depressed after this dream."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 15th of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I was wading. "If the water is muddy, you are in danger of illness, or some sorrowful experiences."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 16th of January\b0\par
I dreamed of pies. The pies were colliding. It is written: "Dreaming of making pies is joy and profit. For a young woman to see a collision, denotes she will be unable to decide between lovers, and will be the cause of wrangles."\par
\par
\b Friday the 17th of January\b0\par
I slept restlessly the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I was waltzing a beggar. "To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness. To see an old, decrepit beggar, is a sign of bad management, and unless you are economical, you will lose much property."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 18th of January\b0\par
I slept fitfully, such is my fate! I dreamed two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was waltzing a music. Then I dreamed I was hanged. Looking it up: "To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness. To dream of hearing harmonious music, omens pleasure and prosperity. To dream of seeing people hanged, or that you are going to be hanged yourself, denotes that you will rise above your present condition by marriage." Not what I thought...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 19th of January\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably!! In my sleep I dreamed I was christening some pearls. "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. To dream of these gems denotes poverty and misery; if a girl dreams that a lover gives her a piece of jewelry set in pearls it shows that he will never be well off; and if she imagines that he presents her with a string or necklace of pearls she may safely calculate that he will turn out to be a wretchedly poor man."\par
\par
\b Monday the 20th of January\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a comedy. "To dream of seeing a comedy, is significant of light pleasures and pleasant tasks."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 21st of January\b0\par
I dreamed I was chastising. "For parents to dream of chastising their children, indicates they will be loose in their manner of correcting them, but they will succeed in bringing them up honorably."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 22nd of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly. Thus I dreamed I was quilting a scratch head. "If a lady dreams of going to a quilting party it foretells for her and her family thrift and good luck: gentlemen who dream of being much entertained at such a party will have the very best success in love matters. To dream that you scratch your head, denotes strangers will annoy you by their flattering attentions, which you will feel are only shown to win favors from you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 23rd of January\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. In my sleep I dreamed I spent the whole dream angling. "To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get."\par
\par
\b Friday the 24th of January\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably as per usual. I had two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was completing a governor. Then I dreamed I was currying a horse. "For a young woman to dream that she has completed a garment, denotes that she will soon decide on a husband. If you dream of seeing the. To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 25th of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I saw some fates and a fountain. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of the fates, unnecessary disagreements and unhappiness is foretold. To dream that you see a clear fountain sparkling in the sunlight, denotes vast possessions, ecstatic delights and many pleasant journeys." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 26th of January\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I owned these paralysis. "Paralysis is a bad dream, denoting financial reverses and disappointment in literary attainment."\par
\par
\b Monday the 27th of January\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a cage was sliding me in a comedy. "To a person in business it denotes success, and to a farmer it denotes good crops. To slide down a hillside covered with green grass, foretells that you will be deceived into ruin by flattering promises. To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 28th of January\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was mourning in California. "If others wear it, there will be disturbing influences among your friends causing you unexpected dissatisfaction and loss. California and that it is a pleasant country it foretells that you will receive a valuable present or a legacy or else that you will draw a prize in the lottery."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 29th of January\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm frightened. I slept peacefully the whole night through. I recall two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was moving an equipage. Then I dreamed I was scalded. The sages write: "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him. To dream of possessing one, signifies complete happiness, with the gratification of every wish, however extravagant. To dream of being scalded with hot water is usually a sign of injuries by the elements; it may foretell losses by floods by fire or by winds or by thunder-storms: if you dream of scalding your tongue with hot tea it is a sign that you will scandalize a neighbor with some ill-natured remark."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 30th of January\b0\par
I slept restlessly. In my sleep I dreamed a jelly was baking me and I became affronted. Lo and behold: "The same rule applies to preserved fruits. If she is a farmer's wife it is a sign of good crops.The dreamer is sure to shed tears and weep."\par
\par
\b Friday the 31st of January\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I had this dream I was suffocating. "To dream that you are suffocating, denotes that you will experience deep sorrow and mortification at the conduct of some one you love."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of February\b0\par
I dreamed I was in a building. This portends the following: "To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of February\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was brewing during daybreak. "To dream of being in a vast brewing establishment, means unjust persecution by public officials, but you will eventually prove your innocence and will rise far above your persecutors. To watch the day break in a dream, omens successful undertakings, unless the scene is indistinct and weird; then it may imply disappointment when success in business or love seems assured." I don't like this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of February\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. Thus I dreamed a match was climbing me leading me to be in debt. "To dream of matches, denotes prosperity and change when least expected. If you dream of climbing it is a sign you will have some dignity conferred upon you or that your circumstances in life will improve.To dream of paying a debt with money foretells that you will soon receive some."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of February\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In the only dream I remember, I held some bed-bugs. "Denote strife and quarrels."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of February\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once. In my sleep I dreamed I was separating some cherries. "To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. To dream of cherries is a disappointment in life, vexation in the married state and slight in love."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of February\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through. I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was plowing a cholera. Then I dreamed I was currying a horse. "For a farmer to dream that he is plowing on smooth and even ground denotes heavy crops and good luck generally: if he plows up stones it is all the better but if his plow gets hitched into a rock or stump it denotes vexation and trouble with his good luck. To dream of this dread disease devastating the country, portends sickness of virulent type will rage and many disappointments will follow. To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of February\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In the only dream I remember, I was sweeping a battle during April. "For a girl to dream of sweeping the house foretells that a lover will soon make his appearance: if a married woman dreams this it shows that some outsider is charmed with her and may venture to make dishonorable proposals. Battle signifies striving with difficulties, but a final victory over the same. To dream of the month of April, signifies that much pleasure and profit will be your allotment."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of February\b0\par
I slept like a log!! Thus I dreamed of birthday presents. The birthday presents were cunning. "Receiving happy surprises, means a multitude of high accomplishments. If you are associating with cunning people, it warns you that deceit is being practised upon you in order to use your means for their own advancement."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of February\b0\par
I slept well for once. I dreamed I was rowing some moses. "To dream of rowing a boat in clear water is a sign of good luck generally: if the water is muddy it shows trouble and difficulties which may be overcome; if a lover dreams of rowing a boat with his lady-love in it he will doubtless make a happy match. To dream that you see."\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully! In the only dream I remember, I was quilting a banana. This was one interpretation: "If a lady dreams of going to a quilting party it foretells for her and her family thrift and good luck: gentlemen who dream of being much entertained at such a party will have the very best success in love matters. To dream of this delicious fruit is a good omen; if you dream you are eating a banana it is a sign you will be rich and happy."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of February\b0\par
I slept like a log!! In my sleep I dreamed I was in a theater making me disinherited. "If you are one of the players, your pleasures will be of short duration. To dream that you are disinherited, warns you to look well to your business and social standing."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of February\b0\par
I had this dream a mirror was washing me. Apparently: "To dream of seeing yourself in a mirror, denotes that you will meet many discouraging issues, and sickness will cause you distress and loss in fortune. To dream of washing foretells change of abode and if you wash in clear cold water the dream is an omen of good; but."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of February\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly!! I dreamed I was in the presence of lots of finger-nails and a sugar. "To dream of soiled finger-nails, forbodes disgrace in your family by the wild escapades of the young. To dream of sugar denotes purity: if a lover dreams that his sweetheart presents him with white loaf-sugar it shows that her affection for him is pure and disinterested; it is therefore a good sign for him to dream of taking tea with her as she would naturally put such sugar in his tea: to dream of sugar of any kind or sugar candy is an excellent omen." As always thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of February\b0\par
I slept well the whole night through. In the only dream I remember, I owned these snakes. "For a woman to dream that a dead snake is biting her, foretells she will suffer from malice of a pretended friend."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of February\b0\par
I had this dream a grow was fighting me in quarantine. "If you dream that a tree or shrub grows fast it is a sign that you will do something in a hurry that you will afterward be sorry for: if it be your son or daughter or any near young relative that you imagine to grow very rapidly it foretells an accident to them. To dream you are fighting, denotes to the lover that you will lose the object of your affections through a foolish quarrel. To dream of being in quarantine, denotes that you will be placed in a disagreeable position by the malicious intriguing of enemies."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of February\b0\par
I dreamed a china was carving me. "For a woman to dream of painting or arranging her china, foretells she will have a pleasant home and be a thrifty and economical matron. To dream of carving a fowl, indicates you will be poorly off in a worldly way." I feel strangely good about this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of February\b0\par
I slept very well. In the only dream I remember, I was in the presence of lots of rabbits. "For a single person to dream of being among rabbits, indicates a speedy marriage."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of February\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because I completely forgot.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was sailing in a tannery. "To dream of fair sailing on clear water is an excellent omen as it foretells abundance and success: heavy winds that endanger your boat or muddy waters point out difficulties which will probably be overcome . To dream of being in a tannery is a sign of health and riches: if a girl dreams that her beau is a tanner she will probably get a good husband and one who is well off and will live to a good old age for your tanners are usually tough customers."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of February\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was beating a tapeworm. Then I dreamed I was suffering bronchitis. "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream you see a tapeworm, or have one, denotes disagreeable prospects for health or for pleasure. To dream that you are affected with bronchitis, foretells you will be detained from pursuing your views and plans by unfortunate complications of sickness in your home."\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of February\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I happened to be affluent. "To dream that you are in affluence, foretells that you will make fortunate ventures, and will be pleasantly associated with people of wealth." I'm not sure how this portends!!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of February\b0\par
I slept like a log!! In my sleep I dreamed there was some implements. "To dream of implements, denotes unsatisfactory means of accomplishing some work."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was in America and then I was single. Translation: "High officials should be careful of State affairs, others will do well to look after their own person, for some trouble is at hand after this dream. If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of February\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly. I dreamed I was rowing some tears. "To dream that you are rowing in a boat, signifies that you will be successful in love and business. To dream that you are shedding tears from some heavy trouble, denotes that you will be speedily removed to a situation in which you will enjoy much happiness."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of February\b0\par
I dreamed two dreams. First I dreamed I was walking a head. Then I dreamed I was quarreling. "To dream you are walking in a dirty and muddy place foretells sickness and vexation: in love it denotes bad temper and disappointment. To dream of heads in any way is a good omen: if you dream your own head is very large it shows that you will probably become distinguished; if you see a large-headed person in your dream it is a sign you will make the acquaintance of some one who will benefit you. To dream you are quarreling, denotes that some unexpected news will reach you, and that your sweetheart is about to be married to another." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of February\b0\par
I slept fitfully as per usual! In my sleep I dreamed of blossoming of trees. The blossoming of trees were vexed. Looking it up: "To dream you see all sorts of trees blossoming, is a sign of joy, comfort and recreation. To dream of being much vexed foretells the reverse and that you will shortly be much pleased."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of February\b0\par
I had this dream I was wading some walnuts in California. The sages say the following: "To see children wading in clear water is a happy prognostication, as you will be favored in your enterprises. To dream of them denotes riches and happiness; to the lover success and a good tempered sweetheart. If you dream of going there it predicts to you a misfortune; but if in your dream you imagine you are in."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of February\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I didn't record my dream because I couldn't find my pen in time.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was tickling. "If you tickle others, you will throw away much enjoyment through weakness and folly." I don't pretend to make sense of this!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was blaspheming some scales. "If you dream that you are cursing it foretells bad fortune; if you are cursed all your expectations will be fulfilled. To dream you are weighing any article is a good omen and signifies that you will be happy and long-lived; but to dream you see another using the scales is a sign you will be ruined by law-suits."\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of March\b0\par
I dreamed I was in a mine. "To own a mine, denotes future wealth."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of March\b0\par
I slept well. Thus I dreamed I was in the presence of lots of stumps. "To dream of a stump, foretells you are to have reverses and will depart from your usual mode of living."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a goat was tickling a lizard whilst I was starving. "To see them otherwise, denotes cautious dealings and a steady increase of wealth. To dream of lizards, foretells attacks upon you by enemies. To dream of being tickled, denotes insistent worries and illness.To see others in this condition, omens misery and dissatisfaction with present companions and employment."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of March\b0\par
I slept fitfully! Thus I dreamed I suddenly became vexed. My fate is: "If you are vexed in your dreams, you will find many worries scattered through your early awakening."\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of March\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of loaves. The loaves were in danger. "To dream of loaves of bread, denotes frugality. If you are in love, your prospects will grow discouraging."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of March\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of confetti. The confetti were ragged. "To dream of confetti obstructing your view in a crowd of merry-makers, denotes that you will lose much by first seeking enjoyment, and later fulfil tasks set by duty. To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society." Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of March\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. I didn't write down my dream because it was just so boring.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of March\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly!! I dreamed there was some lemons. Accordingly: "To dream of lemons denotes contentions in your family and uneasiness on account of children; they announce the death of some relation and disappointment in love."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of March\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because a bird tapped at the window waking me.\par
 This is what I expected.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of March\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream dancing during August. "To dream that you are dancing at a ball, wake, or entertainment, foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long absent friend, and that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy; for it foretells success and happiness in love; that your sweetheart is kind. For a young woman to dream that she is going to be married in."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of March\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was corpulent. The books say: "To see others corpulent, denotes unusual activity and prosperous times." So it goes...\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of March\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once! I dreamed of confectionary. The confectionary were agony. "To dream of impure confectionary, denotes that an enemy in the guise of a friend will enter your privacy and discover secrets of moment to your opponents. To be in agony over the loss of money, or property, denotes that disturbing and imaginary fears will rack you over the critical condition of affairs, or the illness of some dear relative."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I had these vultures. "For a woman to dream of a vulture, signifies that she will be overwhelmed with slander and gossip."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of March\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was brewing and baking a green. Then I dreamed I was struggling. "To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business. If you see green things such as fruit grass green fields &c in your dream it is a sign of long life but if the color has faded it is a sign of trouble. To dream of struggling, foretells that you will encounter serious difficulties, but if you gain the victory in your struggle, you will also surmount present obstacles." As thought!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of March\b0\par
I didn't record my dream because my spouse woke me in the morning.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of March\b0\par
I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was leaping a standard-bearer. Then I dreamed I was angling. "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you.  To dream that you are a standard-bearer, denotes that your occupation will be pleasant, but varied. To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get." I want to go back to bed.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of March\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly!! I dreamed I was in a cemetery leading me to be frightened. "Old people dreaming of a cemetery, shows they will soon make other journeys where they will find perfect rest. To dream that you are frightened at anything, denotes temporary and fleeting worries."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of March\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a dairy was commanding a dolphin whilst I was anxious. "To dream you are in a dairy busy at work is a very favorable omen; to the maid it indicates that her lover will be of an industrious turn and will rise to honor. To dream of a dolphin, indicates your liability to come under a new government. To dream of giving a command, you will have some honor conferred upon you.A dream of this kind is occasionally a good omen, denoting, after threatening states, success and rejuvenation of mind; but if the dreamer is anxious about some momentous affair, it indicates a disastrous combination of business and social states." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of March\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed I spent the whole dream abject. "To see others abject, is a sign of bickerings and false dealings among your friends."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of March\b0\par
Today it is my birthday. I spent a good part of the day flying. I slept very well. Thus I dreamed I was in a grotto making me consumptive. As such: "To dream of being in a grotto or cavern in the earth shows that you will soon meet a near and dear relative: if you live away from home something will occur to cause your return: such a dream always foretells meeting your absent friends. To dream that you have consumption, denotes that you are exposing yourself to danger."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of March\b0\par
I dreamed a counselor was stinging a pregnancy whilst I was birding. "To dream of a counselor, you are likely to be possessed of some ability yourself, and you will usually prefer your own judgment to that of others. For a woman to dream that she is pregnant, denotes she will be unhappy with her husband, and her children will be unattractive. To dream of being stung by a bee or wasp foretells an injury by unjust and scandalous reports: a young lady who dreams that a bee stings her will probably have her chastity questioned.To dream you catch birds, signifies profit and pleasure." This is what I always anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of March\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed I was moving. "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him." How portentious...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of March\b0\par
I slept restlessly unsurprisingly. Thus I dreamed a shirt was interceding for me. "To dream of putting on your shirt, is a sign that you will estrange yourself from your sweetheart by your faithless conduct. To intercede for some one in your dreams, shows you will secure aid when you desire it most."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of March\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly!! I dreamed of gallows. The gallows were ragged. "To the lover, it shows the consummation of his most sanguine wishes, and that by marriage he will become rich and happy, have many children, particularly a son, who will become a great man, and be the founder of his family's honor. To dream that your clothes are ragged indicates that a young girl will banter you: if in your dream you see ragged people it is a sign that you will suffer ridicule at your next meeting with a party of ladies and gentlemen." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of March\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was fishing some nutmegs. "If you catch any fish, you will be successful in love and business. To dream of nutmegs is a sign that many changes will overtake you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of March\b0\par
I recall two dreams. First I dreamed I was skating a head. Then I dreamed I was commiting adultery. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of skating over smooth ice and gliding along without much effort is a sign of success and good luck: if you are skating with ladies it foretells that your love matters will go smoothly; if the ice be broken or lumpy it denotes difficulties; and if you imagine you fall down you will probably experience a misfortune or have great trouble. To dream you have a great head, or a head bigger than ordinary, and very highly raised, that signifies dignity, esteem. If she thinks she is enticing a youth into this act, she will be in danger of desertion and divorced for her open intriguing." I don't like this!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 29th of March\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was cunning. I slept uncomfortably. In my sleep I dreamed of quails. The quails were single. "Dreaming of quails signifies bad news. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 30th of March\b0\par
I slept peacefully more or less. In the only dream I remember, I was rescuing some gulls in a brothel. And so it is written: "To dream of being rescued from any danger, denotes that you will be threatened with misfortune, and will escape with a slight loss. To dream of gulls, is a prophecy of peaceful dealings with ungenerous persons. To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence."\par
\par
\b Monday the 31st of March\b0\par
I slept well. In my sleep I dreamed I suddenly became affrighted. "Dreams of this nature are frequently caused by nervous and feverish conditions, either from malaria or excitement." This doesn't portend well...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 1st of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a prize fight was leaping an obelisk whilst I was flying. "To see a prize fight in your dreams, denotes your affairs will give you trouble in controlling them. An obelisk looming up stately and cold in your dreams is the forerunner of melancholy tidings. For a young woman to dream of leaping over an obstruction, denotes that she will gain her desires after much struggling and opposition.To dream you are flying, is a very excellent omen."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 2nd of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was leaving some cypress trees. "If you bid adieu to home and country, you will travel in the nature of an exile from fortune and love. To dream you see a cypress tree denotes affliction in business." This again!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 3rd of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was combing. "For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs."\par
\par
\b Friday the 4th of April\b0\par
I dreamed two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was beating a cock-crowing. Then I dreamed I was arrested. "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream of hearing a cock crowing in the morning, is significant of good. To see respectable-looking strangers arrested, foretells that you desire to make changes, and new speculations will be subordinated by the fear of failure."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 5th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was cheating a lovely in an elevator. Interpretation: "For young persons to dream that they are being cheated in games, portend they will lose their sweethearts through quarrels and misunderstandings. Dreaming of lovely things, brings favor to all persons connected with you. To see one standing, foretells threatened danger."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 6th of April\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less. Thus I dreamed a donkey was combing a coral whilst I was corpulent. "To dream of a donkey braying in your face, denotes that you are about to be publicly insulted by a lewd and unscrupulous person. To dream of coral, is momentous of enduring friend ship which will know no weariness in alleviating your trouble. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs.If a man or woman sees himself or herself looking grossly corpulent, he or she should look well to their moral nature and impulses."\par
\par
\b Monday the 7th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I was advising a wind. "To dream that you receive advice, denotes that you will be enabled to raise your standard of integrity, and strive by honest means to reach independent competency and moral altitude. If you hear the wind soughing, denotes that you will wander in estrangement from one whose life is empty without you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 8th of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I held lots of finger-nails. Translation: "To see well-kept nails, indicates scholarly tastes and some literary attainments; also, thrift."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 9th of April\b0\par
I dreamed I was admiring a bonnet. "To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle. For a maiden to dream she gets a new bonnet, gives promise of a new lover, but."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 10th of April\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In the only dream I remember, I was in a cellar. As such: "To dream of being in a cold, damp cellar, you will be oppressed by doubts."\par
\par
\b Friday the 11th of April\b0\par
Today it is Good Friday. I feel like I'm bleeding. I slept restlessly!! In my sleep I dreamed I was moving some crutches. "To dream of moving your residence or place of business under any circumstances is a sign of poverty: if in your dream you see other people moving it foretells that some one of your relatives will come to poverty and you will have to assist him. If you dream you use them your love will forsake you; if you only see them some infirmity will press upon you; if you break them you will recover from sickness."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 12th of April\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly! Thus I dreamed I owned these taxes and a beggar. And so it is written: "To dream that you pay your taxes, foretells you will succeed in destroying evil influences rising around you. Scandalous reports will prove detrimental to your fame."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 13th of April\b0\par
Today it is Easter Sunday. It's like I'm angry. I slept peacefully for once! In the only dream I remember, I was squinting a panther. "To dream that you see some person with squinting eyes, denotes that you will be annoyed with unpleasant people. To see a panther and experience fright, denotes that contracts in love or business may be canceled unexpectedly, owing to adverse influences working against your honor."\par
\par
\b Monday the 14th of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of elderberries. The elderberries were afraid. "To dream of seeing elderberries on bushes with their foliage, denotes domestic bliss and an agreeable county home with resources for travel and other pleasures. To see others afraid, denotes that some friend will be deterred from performing some favor for you because of his own difficulties."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 15th of April\b0\par
I slept fitfully. I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was leaping a golf. Then I dreamed I was called. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To see any unpleasantness connected with golf, you will be humiliated by some thoughtless person. If they have been negligent in attention they should make amends." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 16th of April\b0\par
I had this dream a horn was stealing me. Lo and behold: "To dream that you hear the sound of a horn, foretells hasty news of a joyful character. To dream that you are accused of stealing something, is an indication that you will have a handsome present given you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 17th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly. In the only dream I remember, there was lots of law and lawsuits. "To dream of engaging in a lawsuit, warns you of enemies who are poisoning public opinion against you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 18th of April\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was conjuring a chapel. Accordingly: "To dream of seeing hypnotic and slight-of-hand performances, signifies worries and perplexities in business and domestic circles, and unhealthy conditions of state. To dream of a chapel, denotes dissension in social circles and unsettled business."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 19th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a roman candle was shaving me. "To see. To dream that you are being shaved, portends that you will let imposters defraud you."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 20th of April\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I dreamed a fire budget was spinning a cooking stove in a coalpit whilst I was swimming. Apparently: "To dream of a fire budget, denotes disagreement over small matters. To see a cooking stove in a dream, denotes that much unpleasantness will be modified by your timely interference. To dream of spinning is good, and shows a person to be diligent and industrious. To dream of being in the bottom of a coalpit, signifies marrying with a widow; for he that marries her shall never sound the depth of her policies.To dream you are swimming, with your head above the water, denotes great success in your undertakings, whether they be in love, trade, sea or farming."\par
\par
\b Monday the 21st of April\b0\par
I slept peacefully for once. I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was learning an ink. Then I dreamed I was talking. "To see learned men, foretells that your companions will be interesting and prominent. If you dream of red ink, good news awaits you. To dream that some person is talking about you, is an indication that you will be gladdened by having a proposal made to you that will be to your interest to agree to."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 22nd of April\b0\par
Thus I dreamed there existed these accounts. It is written: "Dreams that relate to making up accounts are good omens." Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 23rd of April\b0\par
I dreamed two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was skating an advancement. Then I dreamed I was dying. Looking it up: "To dream of skating over smooth ice and gliding along without much effort is a sign of success and good luck: if you are skating with ladies it foretells that your love matters will go smoothly; if the ice be broken or lumpy it denotes difficulties; and if you imagine you fall down you will probably experience a misfortune or have great trouble. To dream of advancing in any engagement, denotes your rapid ascendency to preferment and to the consummation of affairs of the heart. Dreams relating to death or dying, unless they are due to spiritual causes, are misleading and very confusing to the novice in dream lore when he attempts to interpret them." I look forward to seeing how this plays out.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 24th of April\b0\par
I slept very well. I had this dream I was jumping some cats. "To jump down from a wall, denotes reckless speculations and disappointment in love. To dream of a cat, denotes ill luck, if you do not succeed in killing it or driving it from your sight." Not what I thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 25th of April\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I saw lots of eagles. "To see one soaring above you, denotes lofty ambitions which you will struggle fiercely to realize, nevertheless you will gain your desires."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 26th of April\b0\par
I didn't take note of my dream because it was completely ineffable.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 27th of April\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once. I dreamed I was in a dungeon. Therefore: "For a woman this is a dark foreboding; by her wilful indiscretion she will lose her position among honorable people."\par
\par
\b Monday the 28th of April\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I happened to be ragged. "To dream you are in a ragged dress, and that you are suffering from privations, indicates that you will shortly be raised to a higher position in society."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 29th of April\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day crying. I dreamed there was some angels. "To dream of angels is prophetic of disturbing influences in the soul." Just my luck!\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 30th of April\b0\par
I slept fitfully. Thus I dreamed I spent the whole dream bleating. "To hear young animals bleating in your dreams, foretells that you will have new duties and cares, though not necessarily unpleasant ones."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 1st of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be burned. "Persians and."\par
\par
\b Friday the 2nd of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was delighting. "For lovers to be delighted with the conduct of their sweethearts, denotes pleasant greetings."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 3rd of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was rescuing a boat. "To rescue others, foretells that you will be esteemed for your good deeds. To dream that you are on the water in a boat, provided you are in company, denotes prosperity and success in your undertakings."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 4th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was lending some confectionary. "For others to offer to lend you articles, or money, denotes prosperity and close friendships. To dream of impure confectionary, denotes that an enemy in the guise of a friend will enter your privacy and discover secrets of moment to your opponents." This will be hard to puzzle out...\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 5th of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully! I dreamed of peas. The peas were swelling. "Dreaming of eating peas, augurs robust health and the accumulation of wealth. For a young woman to dream that she is swimming with a girl friend who is an artist in swimming, foretells that she will be loved for her charming disposition, and her little love affairs will be condoned by her friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 6th of May\b0\par
I recall two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was blaspheming a hypocrite. Then I dreamed I was insane. My fate is: "Blasphemy, denotes an enemy creeping into your life, who under assumed friendship will do you great harm. To dream that you are a hypocrite, denotes that you will prove yourself a deceiver and be false to friends. To dream of being insane, forebodes disastrous results to some newly undertaken work, or ill health may work sad changes in your prospects." I know that doesn't make sense...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 7th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby the whole night through. I had this dream I had lots of oysters. "To dream you are eating oysters, is a very favorable omen." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 8th of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in a theater. "If you attend a vaudeville theater, you are in danger of losing property through silly pleasures."\par
\par
\b Friday the 9th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was selling a piano in a brothel. "But to the rich, and the sick, and those who are placed in honor and authority, it is ill. To dream of seeing a piano, denotes some joyful occasion. To dream of being in a brothel, denotes you will encounter disgrace through your material indulgence."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 10th of May\b0\par
I slept peacefully. In the only dream I remember, a revival was spitting me and I became singing. "To dream you attend a religious revival, foretells family disturbances and unprofitable engagements. To dream of spitting, denotes unhappy terminations of seemingly auspicious undertakings.If you are singing while everything around you gives promise of happiness, jealousy will insinuate a sense of insincerity into your joyousness." I feel strangely good about this.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 11th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby! In my sleep I dreamed I owned these carrots. Lo: "To dream of carrots or parsnips signifies profit and strength to those who are at law for an inheritance."\par
\par
\b Monday the 12th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. I dreamed a drunkenness was shooting me. "To dream you are drunk, is one of those dreams by which the dreamer is forewarned of that of which at present he knows nothing. But if you dream you kill little or no game, then it presages bad luck, and disappointment in love." This doesn't portend well!\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 13th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was weeping some scissors. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth. Dulness will overcast business horizons." I don't like this.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 14th of May\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I had this dream I was single. "If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 15th of May\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because a baby cried waking me.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 16th of May\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed of cherries. The cherries were bleeding. "To dream of cherries is a disappointment in life, vexation in the married state and slight in love. To dream of bleeding at the nose signifies loss of goods and decay of riches; to a young girl it foretells the loss of her lover." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 17th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I held some pearls and a pocketbook. "To dream of these gems denotes poverty and misery; if a girl dreams that a lover gives her a piece of jewelry set in pearls it shows that he will never be well off; and if she imagines that he presents her with a string or necklace of pearls she may safely calculate that he will turn out to be a wretchedly poor man. To find a pocketbook filled with bills and money in your dreams, you will be quite lucky, gaining in nearly every instance your desire."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 18th of May\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream crying. "To see others crying, forbodes unexpected calls for aid from you."\par
\par
\b Monday the 19th of May\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. I dreamed I was traveling. "To dream of traveling by railroad or steamboat is a very good omen as it denotes thrift and success in your business; but if you dream you are journeying in your own private coach it foreshadows poverty in the end though you may have temporary good luck: if you dream you have crossed the ocean and find yourself in a foreign country you may be sure that goodfortune will attend all your business transactions."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 20th of May\b0\par
I slept like a baby more or less! In the only dream I remember, I was disputing. "To dream of disputing with learned people, shows that you have some latent ability, but are a little sluggish in developing it."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 21st of May\b0\par
I slept very well the whole night through! I didn't take note of my dream because a baby cried waking me.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 22nd of May\b0\par
I slept like a log. I had this dream a chairman was kissing me leading me to be acquitted. "To dream that you see the chairman of any public body, foretells you will seek elevation and be recompensed by receiving a high position of trust. To kiss your sweetheart in the dark, denotes dangers and immoral engagements.To see others acquitted, foretells that your friends will add pleasure to your labors."\par
\par
\b Friday the 23rd of May\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was ironing. This is what I've come up with: "If a woman dreams that she burns her hands while ironing, it foretells she will have illness or jealousy to disturb her peace." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 24th of May\b0\par
I had this dream I was buying in a castle. "To dream you buy all sorts of things that one uses is good; to buy that which is only for victuals and relief is good for the poor; but to the rich it signifies expenses and great charges. To dream that you are leaving a castle, you will be robbed of your possessions, or lose your lover or some dear one by death."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 25th of May\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of maggots. The maggots were flying. "To dream of seeing any thing putrid and covered with maggots is a sign of death; but the death may be that of your favorite dog cat or bird though such a dream often foretells the death of a relative or friend. To dream you are flying is a very excellent omen; if you are in love your sweetheart will be true to you; and if you marry you will have many children who will all do very well and be happy."\par
\par
\b Monday the 26th of May\b0\par
I slept well, such is my fate! I dreamed I didn't know I was talking in California during autumn. And so: "To hear others talking loudly, foretells that you will be accused of interfering in the affairs of others. California and that it is a pleasant country it foretells that you will receive a valuable present or a legacy or else that you will draw a prize in the lottery. If she thinks of marrying in Autumn, she will be likely to contract a favorable marriage and possess a cheerful home."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 27th of May\b0\par
I slept very well the whole night through!! In my sleep I dreamed an apparition was leaping a nugget in a country whilst I was dancing. "To dream you see an apparition, or spirit, clothed in white, signifies deceit and temptation to sin. This is an English word for a lump of gold: to dream of digging a big nugget of pure gold is a sign of wealth and honors. To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you.  If the country be dry and bare, you will see and hear of troublous times.To see others dance there signifies pleasure and an inheritance."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 28th of May\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a fork was squinting me. From the dictionaries: "To dream of a fork indicates that a false friend will attempt your ruin by flattery. For a man to dream that his sweetheart, or some good-looking girl, squints her eyes at him, foretells that he is threatened with loss by seeking the favors of women." This is what I always thought!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 29th of May\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was successful. I slept restlessly. In my sleep I dreamed a scarlet fever was composing a chalk whilst I was blowing the fire. According to the books: "To dream of scarlet fever, foretells you are in danger of sickness, or in the power of an enemy. For a woman to dream of chalking her face, denotes that she will scheme to obtain admirers. To see in your dreams a composing stick, foretells that difficult problems will disclose themselves, and you will be at great trouble to meet them.To dream you are blowing the fire indicates to the lover, that your sweetheart is very angry with you." I don't pretend to make sense of this!!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 30th of May\b0\par
I dreamed I was in an inn. "To the tradesman it shows loss of trade and bad servants."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 31st of May\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because it was completely ineffable.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 1st of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was quilting some asparagus. "To dream you are quilting, foretells to an unmarried female that she will soon be wedded. To dream of asparagus, signifies prosperous surroundings and obedience from servants and children."\par
\par
\b Monday the 2nd of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I had lots of mountains. "To dream you see steep and craggy mountains, presages difficulties in accomplishing your designs."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 3rd of June\b0\par
I dreamed two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was skating an eyeglass. Then I dreamed I was blind. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of skating over smooth ice and gliding along without much effort is a sign of success and good luck: if you are skating with ladies it foretells that your love matters will go smoothly; if the ice be broken or lumpy it denotes difficulties; and if you imagine you fall down you will probably experience a misfortune or have great trouble. To dream of seeing or wearing an eyeglass, denotes you will be afflicted with disagreeable friendships, from which you will strive vainly to disengage yourself. To see others blind, denotes that some worthy person will call on you for aid."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 4th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual. Thus I dreamed I was in a building. The sages say the following: "To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 5th of June\b0\par
I slept well. I dreamed I was wading. Interpretation: "For a young woman to dream of wading in clear foaming water, she will soon gain the desire nearest her heart." I want to go back to bed!!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 6th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream engaging in commerce during spring. "To dream of failures and gloomy outlooks in commercial circles, denotes trouble and ominous threatening of failure in real business life. To see spring appearing unnaturally, is a foreboding of disquiet and losses."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 7th of June\b0\par
I dreamed I was riding a distaff. "Riding in a railcar or a stage foretells success in business matters. To dream of a distaff, denotes frugality, with pleasant surroundings." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 8th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a lard was baking me in rain and then I was starving. "To dream of lard, signifies a rise in fortune will soon gratify you. Ill health and the care of many children; meanness and poverty of supporters are indicated. If it be very heavy rain, accompanied by thunder and lightning, then expect to be assailed by thieves.To dream of being in a starving condition, portends unfruitful labors and a dearth of friends." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 9th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly for once. I dreamed I was abhoring. This portends the following: "To think yourself held in abhorrence by others, predicts that your good intentions to others will subside into selfishness."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 10th of June\b0\par
I slept well more or less! In the only dream I remember, a fault was riding me and I became blowing the fire. "If you dream you commit a fault be very careful in your conduct; if you see a fault in a lady who is very dear to you should you trust her she will be faithful to you in every thing. To dream you are riding if it be with a woman is unfortunate: in trade decay of business; in love disappointments; but if it be with men then by care the reverse of these things will happen.To dream you are blowing the fire indicates to the lover, that your sweetheart is very angry with you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 11th of June\b0\par
I dreamed I was selling. This is what I've come up with: "To dream of being sold, or set up for sale, is fair to those who wish to change their condition and to those who are in poverty and servitude."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 12th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was delighting a stone mason. "To feel delight when looking on beautiful landscapes, prognosticates to the dreamer very great success and congenial associations. To see stone masons at work while dreaming, foretells disappointment." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 13th of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I had this dream I was disputing some puddings. "To dream of holding disputes over trifles, indicates bad health and unfairness in judging others. To dream of puddings, denotes small returns from large investments, if you only see it."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 14th of June\b0\par
I didn't write down my dream because I dreamed that I had already done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 15th of June\b0\par
I dreamed a camera was demanding a darkness whilst I was scared. "To dream of a camera, signifies that changes will bring undeserved environments. To dream you are in a dark place is an unfavorable omen; to the lovers it denotes loss of sweethearts to the trader loss of goods; but to dream of getting out of darkness into light is good; if you are in poverty it foretells riches; if in love a happy marriage. For a lover to command you adversely, implies his, or her, leniency.To dream that you are scared by some frightful spectacle, denotes that you will be shortly overjoyed by hearing some pleasing intelligence from one whom you dearly love."\par
\par
\b Monday the 16th of June\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was chastising a salve. Interpretation: "To dream of being chastised, denotes that you have not been prudent in conducting your affairs. To dream of salve, denotes you will prosper under adverse circumstances and convert enemies into friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 17th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of ashes. The ashes were talking. The books say: "Great misfortune is at hand; to a lover or sweetheart such a dream forebodes that he or she will be jealous because of seeing some one in company with their intended. To think they are talking about you, denotes that you are menaced with illness and disfavor."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 18th of June\b0\par
I slept restlessly for once. I recall two melding dreams. First I dreamed I was sawing an incest. Then I dreamed I was successful. "To dream of sawing wood or boards foretells that you will do something that you will afterwards regret: if a young fellow dreams this he will probably offer some indignity to his sweetheart which he will find it hard work to get overlooked. To dream of incestuous practices, denotes you will fall from honorable places, and will also suffer loss in business. To dream that you have been successful in some enterprise in which you have been engaged, denotes that you will hear of some person's death whom you highly esteemed."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 19th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I was banishing a garden. "If you are banished to foreign lands, death will be your portion at an early date. To dream you are walking in a garden, is of a very favorable nature."\par
\par
\b Friday the 20th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was leaving some figs in a masquerade. This portends the following: "To throw kisses of adieu to loved ones, or children, foretells that you will soon have a journey to make, but there will be no unpleasant accidents or happenings attending your trip. To dream of figs, is the forerunner of prosperity and happiness. For a young woman to dream that she participates in a masquerade, denotes that she will be deceived."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 21st of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a widow was washing a vitriol whilst I was naked. "If a girl dreams that she is a widow it foretells that she will have many lovers: such a dream to a married woman denotes that some man beside her husband is in love with her. If you see vitriol in your dreams, it is a token of some innocent person being censured by you. If the water is dirty or turbid it is the reverse.To dream that you suddenly discover your nudity, and are trying to conceal it, denotes that you have sought illicit pleasure contrary to your noblest instincts and are desirous of abandoning those desires."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 22nd of June\b0\par
I slept like a baby. I dreamed a fortune was waltzing a circle whilst I was affluent. "If you dream that some one told your fortune you may calculate every thing will go pretty nearly the reverse of what was assured to you: if you were promised money you will get poverty and _vice versa_. To dream of a circle, denotes that your affairs will deceive you in their proportions of gain. To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness.To young women, a vision of weird and fairy affluence is ominous of illusive and evanescent pleasure."\par
\par
\b Monday the 23rd of June\b0\par
I slept like a log. Thus I dreamed I saw these nails and a medal. "To see nails in your dreams, indicates much toil and small recompense. To dream of medals, denotes honors gained by application and industry."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 24th of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a saddle was skating me. My fate is: "To dream of saddles, foretells news of a pleasant nature, also unannounced visitors. To dream of skating over smooth ice and gliding along without much effort is a sign of success and good luck: if you are skating with ladies it foretells that your love matters will go smoothly; if the ice be broken or lumpy it denotes difficulties; and if you imagine you fall down you will probably experience a misfortune or have great trouble."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 25th of June\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I owned lots of cats. As such: "To dream of these domestic animals is indicative of much trouble and vexation; it denotes to the lover that your sweetheart is treacherous."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 26th of June\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a theater and then I was ragged. This is what I've come up with: "If it is a grand opera, you will succeed in you wishes and aspirations. Rags and ridicule go together in dreams."\par
\par
\b Friday the 27th of June\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I happened to be abject. "To dream that you are abject, denotes that you will be the recipient of gloomy tidings, which will cause a relaxation in your strenuous efforts to climb the heights of prosperity." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 28th of June\b0\par
I had this dream of frogs. The frogs were dancing. Expert opinion holds: "To the farmer, it foretells good crops and an increase of his live stock; to the tradesman, it denotes success in business; to the lover, a faithful sweetheart; to the married, an increase of children, who will be very happy; to the sailor, pleasant and prosperous voyages, with a wife in a distant country. To dream you are dancing at a ball or entertainment foretells that you will shortly receive joyful news; it also foretells success and happiness in love."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 29th of June\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm crying. I dreamed a linen was shaving a crown whilst I was contemptuous. "To dream you are dressed in clean linen, denotes that you will shortly receive some glad tidings. To dream a golden crown is placed upon your head foretells that success and great honor await you; if the crown be silver you will enjoy good health; if crowned with green leaves friends and fortune will forsake you. To the tradesman, it denotes loss of goods and business; to the sailor, an unpleasant and stormy voyage; to the farmer, it prefigures bad crops and diseases amongst his live stock.To dream of being in contempt of court, denotes that you have committed business or social indiscretion and that it is unmerited."\par
\par
\b Monday the 30th of June\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual. In the only dream I remember, a gymnast was traveling a cremate whilst I was nearsighted. From the dictionaries: "To dream of a gymnast, denotes you will have misfortune in speculation or trade. To think you are being cremated, portends distinct failure in enterprises, if you mind any but your own judgment in conducting them. To dream of traveling by railroad or steamboat is a very good omen as it denotes thrift and success in your business; but if you dream you are journeying in your own private coach it foreshadows poverty in the end though you may have temporary good luck: if you dream you have crossed the ocean and find yourself in a foreign country you may be sure that goodfortune will attend all your business transactions.To dream that you are nearsighted, signifies embarrassing failure and unexpected visits from unwelcome persons."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 1st of July\b0\par
I had two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was cheating a scorpion. Then I dreamed I was angry. "To dream of being cheated in business, you will meet designing people who will seek to close your avenues to fortune. To dream of a scorpion, foretells that false friends will improve opportunities to undermine your prosperity. To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 2nd of July\b0\par
I slept like a log. I dreamed I spent the whole dream in debt. Apparently: "If you imagine that you owe a debt and are worrying to get the money to pay it is a sign of sickness."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 3rd of July\b0\par
I slept like a baby, such is my fate! I had this dream an idiot was killing a police whilst I was one-eyed. Interpretation: "Idiots in a dream, foretells disagreements and losses. If any respectable person dreams of being arrested by police officers it is a sign that some distinguished honor will be conferred on him: if a young girl should dream that policemen took her lover into custody she will hear of his advancement in the world. To dream of killing a defenseless man, prognosticates sorrow and failure in affairs.To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness."\par
\par
\b Friday the 4th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a nephew was hating me and I became acquitted. It is written: "To dream of your nephew, denotes you are soon to come into a pleasing competency, if he is handsome and well looking; otherwise, there will be disappointment and discomfort for you. To dream that you hate any particular person is a sign that he or she has been talking bad about you.To dream that you are acquitted of a crime, denotes that you are about to come into possession of valuable property, but there is danger of a law suit before obtaining possession."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 5th of July\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably more or less! I had this dream a foot-log was sailing me. "To dream of crossing a clear stream of water on a foot-log, denotes pleasant employment and profit. To sail on a small vessel, denotes that your desires will not excel your power of possessing them."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 6th of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed there existed some legs and an accident. "To dream that your legs are scabby or itchy, signifies fruitless perplexity and care. To dream that an accident has happened to you or to any one of your household or with whom you live foretells that you will see some one whom you little expect to see." I feel strangely good about this.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 7th of July\b0\par
I had this dream of wages. The wages were single. My fate is: "Wages, if received in dreams, brings unlooked for good to persons engaging in new enterprises. For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 8th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was sowing in a reception during March. "To see others sowing, much business activity is portended, which will bring gain to all. To dream of attending a reception, denotes that you will have pleasant engagements. To dream of the month of March, portends disappointing returns in business, and some woman will be suspicious of your honesty."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 9th of July\b0\par
I slept well the whole night through. I dreamed I was leaping a lighthouse. "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you.  To see a lighthouse from a placid sea, denotes calm joys and congenial friends."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 10th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a lap was delighting a mocking-bird whilst I was dying. "To dream of sitting on some person's lap, denotes pleasant security from vexing engagements. To see or hear a mocking-bird, signifies you will be invited to go on a pleasant visit to friends, and your affairs will move along smoothly and prosperously. To dream of experiencing delight over any event, signifies a favorable turn in affairs.To dream of death, denotes that you will either be speedily married yourself, or else assist at a wedding."\par
\par
\b Friday the 11th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was admiring during daybreak. "To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle. Good fortune in every thing you undertake."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 12th of July\b0\par
I slept very well as per usual. I had this dream I didn't know I was dying in a school during night. And so it is written: "To dream that you are dead, also denotes a speedy marriage, and that you will be successful in your undertakings. To visit the schoolhouse of your childhood days, portends that discontent and discouraging incidents overshadows the present. If the night seems to be vanishing, conditions which hitherto seemed unfavorable will now grow bright, and affairs will assume prosperous phases."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 13th of July\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! In my sleep I dreamed I had these diamonds. Behold: "To dream of owning diamonds is a very propitious dream, signifying great honor and recognition from high places." Well well well!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 14th of July\b0\par
I dreamed I was blaspheming a clock. Expert opinion holds: "To dream you are cursing yourself, means evil fortune. To dream of counting the hours of the forenoon is lucky; the afternoon unlucky."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 15th of July\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. Thus I dreamed I was traveling a skya. "To travel over high hills and mountains and rocky places, signifies advancement, but with much difficulty obtained. clear sky denotes a marriage speedy and happy; a red sky increase of wealth; if you ascend into the sky you may look for much honor; a cloudy sky shows misfortune."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 16th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was composing. "To see in your dreams a composing stick, foretells that difficult problems will disclose themselves, and you will be at great trouble to meet them."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 17th of July\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably, such is my fate. I had this dream I was conjuring a jig. This portends the following: "To dream that you are in a hypnotic state or under the power of others, portends disastrous results, for your enemies will enthrall you; but if you hold others under a spell you will assert decided will power in governing your surroundings. The omen is the same to a girl who dreams of jigging with a young man."\par
\par
\b Friday the 18th of July\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I held some currants and a fan. Looking it up: "To dream of currants prefigures happiness in life, success in undertakings, constancy in your sweetheart, handsome children to the married, riches to the farmer and tradesman. If a maiden dreams she has been fanned by a man, she will soon make a new conquest, or marry the present object of her affections."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 19th of July\b0\par
I slept well for once. Thus I dreamed I was in a fair leading me to be singing. "To dream of being at a fair, denotes that you will have a pleasant and profitable business and a congenial companion. If there are notes of sadness in the song, you will be unpleasantly surprised at the turn your affairs will take." This again...\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 20th of July\b0\par
I dreamed I spent the whole dream overturned during November. "For a man to have this dream, denotes that some animal to which he is attached will sicken and perhaps die. To dream of November, augers a season of indifferent success in all affairs." How portentious.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 21st of July\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through. I had this dream a mocking-bird was sweeping me in a funeral. "For a woman to see a wounded or dead one, her disagreement with a friend or lover is signified. To dream of sweeping, denotes that you will gain favor in the eyes of your husband, and children will find pleasure in the home. If in your dream you see a funeral pass it denotes a pleasure party out of doors such as a pic-nic or excursion."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 22nd of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was afflicting an ideal in underground. "To dream that affliction lays a heavy hand upon you and calls your energy to a halt, foretells that some disaster is surely approaching you. For a bachelor to dream of meeting his ideal, denotes he will soon experience a favorable change in his affairs. To dream of being in an underground habitation, you are in danger of losing reputation and fortune."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 23rd of July\b0\par
I slept well unsurprisingly. I dreamed a fan was advocating me. "For a man to dream he is fanning a person, signifies that he will soon meet with many changes in his affairs. To dream that you advocate any cause, denotes that you will be faithful to your interests, and endeavor to deal honestly with the public, as your interests affect it, and be loyal to your promises to friends."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 24th of July\b0\par
I slept like a log. I had this dream I was in the presence of these oranges. Therefore: "Dreaming that you see and cut oranges, signifies wounds, grief and vexation, whether they be ripe or not."\par
\par
\b Friday the 25th of July\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was riding in an elevator. As such: "Riding in a railcar or a stage foretells success in business matters. To dream of ascending in an elevator, denotes you will swiftly rise to position and wealth, but if you descend in one your misfortunes will crush and discourage you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 26th of July\b0\par
I dreamed a nightingale was hating me during dusk and I became singing. "To dream of this bird signifies light amours; to hear it sing happiness. If a girl should ever be so silly as to dream such a dream about her lover it shows that he meditates an attack upon her chastity; on the contrary if she dreams that he hates her it is a sign that she possesses his whole heart. Dark outlook for trade and pursuits of any nature is prolonged by this dream.Ribald songs, signifies gruesome and extravagant waste." I look forward to seeing how this plays out.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 27th of July\b0\par
I slept peacefully. I had this dream of precipices. The precipices were commiting adultery. Interpretation: "Dreaming that you see great precipices, signifies much injury to person and goods. For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes." Not what I figured.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 28th of July\b0\par
I didn't record my dream because it was just so boring.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 29th of July\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. It's like I'm frightened. I recall two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was brewing and baking a sickness. Then I dreamed I was dancing. "To dream of brewing and baking is the sign of an ill housewife, who lies dreaming in bed, when she should be at work and doing her business. To dream of sickness, is a sign of trouble and real sickness in your family. To see others dance there signifies pleasure and an inheritance." As always expected.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 30th of July\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, of swallows. The swallows were in debt. "To dream of these birds is a good omen as it foretells health and abundant crops to farmers: if you dream of killing a swallow it is a sign of a misfortune; if you catch the bird you will have splendid luck and get plenty of money; but if after capturing you dream you let him go a fortune will slip through your fingers. Debt is rather a bad dream, foretelling worries in business and love, and struggles for a competency; but if you have plenty to meet all your obligations, your affairs will assume a favorable turn."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 31st of July\b0\par
I slept restlessly. I dreamed two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was beating a famish. Then I dreamed I was bleeding. "To beat a child, ungenerous advantage is taken by you of another; perhaps the tendency will be to cruelly treat a child. To dream that you are famishing, foretells that you are meeting disheartening failure in some enterprise which you considered a promising success. To dream you draw blood of another, denotes that you will recover a lawsuit and be successful in love and business."\par
\par
\b Friday the 1st of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was in a theater and then I was currying a horse. As such: "If you applaud and laugh at a theater, you will sacrifice duty to the gratification of fancy. To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 2nd of August\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a beaver was decorating a segar whilst I was scared. "To dream of seeing beavers, foretells that you will obtain comfortable circumstances by patient striving. To dream you are smoking a segar is a sign you will have misfortunes and troubles with your business matters: if you imagine the fire of your segar goes out it is a sign you will meet with losses: in love matters this dream is a bad omen. To see the graves or caskets of the dead decorated with white flowers, is unfavorable to pleasure and worldly pursuits.To dream that you are scared by some frightful spectacle, denotes that you will be shortly overjoyed by hearing some pleasing intelligence from one whom you dearly love." I know that doesn't make sense!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 3rd of August\b0\par
I dreamed a want was sowing a roman candle whilst I was giving to charity. I liked this interpretation: "To dream that you are in want, denotes that you have unfortunately ignored the realities of life, and chased folly to her stronghold of sorrow and adversity. Roman candles while dreaming, is a sign of speedy attainment of coveted pleasures and positions. To dream that you are sowing seed, foretells to the farmer fruitful promises, if he sows in new ploughed soil.To dream of giving to charitable institutions, your right of possession to paving property will be disputed."\par
\par
\b Monday the 4th of August\b0\par
I slept peacefully, such is my fate. In my sleep I dreamed I was chastising in a life-boat. "To dream that you administer chastisement to another, signifies that you will have an ill-tempered partner either in business or marriage. To dream of being in a life-boat, denotes escape from threatened evil." How portentious.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 5th of August\b0\par
I had this dream a wine-glass was ironing me in battle and I became piss-abed. "To dream of a wine-glass, foretells that a disappointment will affect you seriously, as you will fail to see anything pleasing until shocked into the realization of trouble. If she scorches the clothes, she will have a rival who will cause her much displeasure and suspicions. If you are in love, your sweetheart is false to you.To dream that you wet the bed in your sleep is a sign you will lose something by fire: your house may not burn but some article will either fall in the fire or be damaged by it-perhaps your servant may spoil some clothing while ironing."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 6th of August\b0\par
I dreamed a locket was scratching me during December and then I was accepted. "If a young woman dreams that her lover places a locket around her neck, she will be the recipient of many beautiful offerings, and will soon be wedded, and lovely children will crown her life. To dream of being scratched, betokens to him that is in debt, that he shall acquit himself. Strangers will occupy the position in the affections of some friend which was formerly held by you.The elementary influences often play pranks upon weak and credulous minds by lying, and deceptive utterances."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 7th of August\b0\par
I recall two seperate dreams. First I dreamed I was riding a silk. Then I dreamed I was overturned. "To dream you are riding if it be with a woman is unfortunate: in trade decay of business; in love disappointments; but if it be with men then by care the reverse of these things will happen. To dream of wearing silk clothes, is a sign of high ambitions being gratified, and friendly relations will be established between those who were estranged. If a woman dreams she be overturned while riding, it is ominous that she shall be greatly distressed for a short time."\par
\par
\b Friday the 8th of August\b0\par
I dreamed two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was beating an emperor. Then I dreamed I was single. The sages write: "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream of going abroad and meeting the emperor of a nation in your travels, denotes that you will make a long journey, which will bring neither pleasure nor much knowledge. If a married woman dreams that she is single and that attentions are being paid to her by a beau it foretells that her husband has become captivated by a new love and will probably be false to his vows: the omen is similar to a married man who dreams that he is either a bachelor or widower."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 9th of August\b0\par
I slept very well. In my sleep I dreamed I was raking a fire. "For a girl to dream of raking newly mown hay is a sign she will be married before the hay is eaten: young fellows who dream of raking hay with their sweethearts had better get ready their necks for the matrimonial noose as they are past praying for. To dream of this subtle element, denotes health and happiness to the lover, marriage to the object of his affections and many children."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 10th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was baking a flesh during July. Therefore: "If she burns her bread it is a sign that she will have a miscarriage. On the contrary, if he dreams he is grown lean and thin, if he be rich, he will grow poor, or at least conceal his wealth, and he will be in a mean condition. To dream of this month, denotes you will be depressed with gloomy outlooks, but, as suddenly, your spirits will rebound to unimagined pleasure and good fortune." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 11th of August\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was weeping a sheep. Then I dreamed I was anxious. "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth. To dream of large flocks of sheep is a sign of thrift and abundance particularly to farmers to whom the omen promises large crops: if many of the sheep have young lambs it foretells domestic happiness and an excellent crop of children. A dream of this kind is occasionally a good omen, denoting, after threatening states, success and rejuvenation of mind; but if the dreamer is anxious about some momentous affair, it indicates a disastrous combination of business and social states."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 12th of August\b0\par
I had this dream I suddenly became vexed. "To dream of being much vexed foretells the reverse and that you will shortly be much pleased." Well well well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 13th of August\b0\par
I dreamed of flies. The flies were blind. "To dream of a swarm of flies, denotes that you have many enemies; it also denotes that your sweetheart is not sincere, and cares but little about you. To dream of being blind is a sure sign that you repose your confidence in some person who is your bitter enemy; it denotes also that your sweetheart is unfaithful and prefers another; in business it denotes that you will lose money, and that your servants lack fidelity."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 14th of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a sea foam was conjuring an earthquake whilst I was cruel. "For a woman to dream of sea foam, foretells that indiscriminate and demoralizing pleasures will distract her from the paths of rectitude. To dream of an earthquake, warns you that your affairs are about to take a great change. For a young woman to dream that she is under strange influences, denotes her immediate exposure to danger, and she should beware.To dream of cruelty being shown you, foretells you will have trouble and disappointment in some dealings." As anticipated.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 15th of August\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly the whole night through. I had this dream there was lots of hills. "To dream you are traveling over high hills and wading through great difficulties, having lost your way, shows you shall meet with assistance and have good counsel in your difficulties."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 16th of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! Thus I dreamed I was bigamous. "For a man to commit bigamy, denotes loss of manhood and failing mentality."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 17th of August\b0\par
I slept like a log. In the only dream I remember, I was quilting some books. "It is also a good and lucky dream to a man. To be reading serious books shows honor and station in life; to read lascivious books shame and disgrace."\par
\par
\b Monday the 18th of August\b0\par
I dreamed I was weeping a chocolate. The books say: "To dream one weeps or grieves, whether it be for a friend departed or any other cause, is joy and mirth. To dream of chocolate, denotes you will provide abundantly for those who are dependent on you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 19th of August\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate!! In my sleep I dreamed I was in a grotto and I became singing. "To dream of being in a grotto or cavern in the earth shows that you will soon meet a near and dear relative: if you live away from home something will occur to cause your return: such a dream always foretells meeting your absent friends. To dream of singing solemn music in a choir is a sign of the death of a young girl who is your esteemed friend or relative: to lovers such a dream foretells the loss of sweethearts: if you imagine you are singing some lively tune by yourself it is a sign of sorrow though it may not be connected with any death."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 20th of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably for once. Thus I dreamed I didn't know I was acquitted. "To see others acquitted, foretells that your friends will add pleasure to your labors."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 21st of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! I dreamed I was leaping some arms. "For a young woman to dream of leaping over an obstruction, denotes that she will gain her desires after much struggling and opposition. If any person dream his arms are hairy it denotes increase of riches."\par
\par
\b Friday the 22nd of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. Thus I dreamed I held these dogs. "To dream of those animals has very different significations; if they fawn and fondle upon you it is a lucky omen; if you are in love it portends marriage and happiness; but if they bark and snarl at you it denotes that enemies are endeavoring to destroy your reputation and happiness; if in love crosses."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 23rd of August\b0\par
I dreamed two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was cheating a hammer. Then I dreamed I was overturned. "For young persons to dream that they are being cheated in games, portend they will lose their sweethearts through quarrels and misunderstandings. To dream of seeing a hammer, denotes you will have some discouraging obstacles to overcome in order to establish firmly your fortune. For a man to have this dream, denotes that some animal to which he is attached will sicken and perhaps die."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 24th of August\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a haggard was hating me. "To see a haggard face in your dreams, denotes misfortune and defeat in love matters. To dream of hatred or being hated, whether of friends or enemies, is ill."\par
\par
\b Monday the 25th of August\b0\par
I slept like a baby!! I had this dream I was contemptuous. "To dream that you are held in contempt by others, you will succeed in winning their highest regard, and will find yourself prosperous and happy." I want to go back to bed.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 26th of August\b0\par
I slept fitfully as per usual! I dreamed I was vaccinating. "To dream of being vaccinated foretells good health; and if you imagine that you have a large sore on your arm from vaccination it is a sign that you will present to some one a liberal gift and receive much honor." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 27th of August\b0\par
I slept very well. In my sleep I dreamed of coat-of-arms. The coat-of-arms were commiting adultery. "To dream of seeing your coat-of-arms, is a dream of ill luck. For a person to dream that they have committed it, shows they will meet great contentions and disputes."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 28th of August\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of ruins. The ruins were accepted. The sages write: "To dream of ancient ruins, foretells that you will travel extensively, but there will be a note of sadness mixed with the pleasure in the realization of a long-cherished hope. Therefore the dreamer should live a pure life, fortified by a strong will, thus controlling his destiny by expelling from it involuntary intrusions." I look forward to seeing how this plays out!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 29th of August\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day giving to charity. In the only dream I remember, a marriage was sweeping me making me affronted. I liked this interpretation: "To dream you are married, is ominous of death, and very unfavorable to the dreamer. For a girl to dream of sweeping the house foretells that a lover will soon make his appearance: if a married woman dreams this it shows that some outsider is charmed with her and may venture to make dishonorable proposals.For a young woman to dream that she is affronted, denotes that some unfriendly person will take advantage of her ignorance to place her in a compromising situation with a stranger, or to jeopardize her interests with a friend."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 30th of August\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in an inn. Therefore: "To dream of being in an inn, is a very unfavorable dream."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 31st of August\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! In the only dream I remember, a churchyard was scratching me in smoke and then I was vexed. "To dream of a churchyard is a sign you will have a long and happy life. To others it foretells hurt. To dream of being in a room full of smoke foretells that you will engage in an angry controversy and perhaps quarrel: lovers who dream of smoke will nose out the fire when they next meet and it will prove to be either one of anger or of lust.If you think some person is vexed with you, it is a sign that you will not shortly reconcile some slight misunderstanding."\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of September\b0\par
I had this dream a hide was leaping an elephant whilst I was engaging in commerce. Looking it up: "To dream of the hide of an animal, denotes profit and permanent employment. To dream of riding an elephant, denotes that you will possess wealth of the most solid character, and honors which you will wear with dignity. To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream that you are engaged in commerce, denotes you will handle your opportunities wisely and advantageously."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of September\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In my sleep I dreamed I was wading a precipice. "If you wade in clear water while dreaming, you will partake of evanescent, but exquisite joys. To dream of standing over a yawning precipice, portends the threatenings of misfortunes and calamities."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of September\b0\par
I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was brewing a typhoid. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. Lo and behold: "To dream of brewing is a sign you should be up and doing; in love it denotes idleness in your sweetheart; if in trade you will sustain losses. To dream that you are affected with this malady, is a warning to beware of enemies, and look well to your health. To wealthy people it is a sign of addition to their wealth."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was in an inn leading me to be commiting adultery. "To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents. For a young woman this implies abasement and low desires, in which she will find strange adventures afford her pleasure."\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of September\b0\par
I slept very well for once. I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was leaping a flute. Then I dreamed I was yawning. "To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you. To dream of hearing notes from a flute, signifies a pleasant meeting with friends from a distance, and profitable engagements. If you yawn in your dreams, you will search in vain for health and contentment."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of September\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a yoke was spitting an alligator whilst I was falling. "To dream of seeing a yoke, denotes that you will unwillingly conform to the customs and wishes of others. To dream of an alligator, unless you kill it, is unfavorable to all persons connected with the dream. For some one to spit on you, foretells disagreements and alienation of affections.If a young girl dreams this it is a sign she will marry a rich husband."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully! In my sleep I dreamed I was vaccinating. "To dream of being vaccinated foretells good health; and if you imagine that you have a large sore on your arm from vaccination it is a sign that you will present to some one a liberal gift and receive much honor."\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably for once! I dreamed I was christening some twins. Translation: "To dream that you are present at a christening is a good sign you will get what you hope for; to a maid it signifies that she will soon be married. To dream of having twins brings good news and is a sign of honor or riches; it is also a good omen in love matters if a man dreams it but if a girl has this dream she must look out for the boys."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was admonishing a shell during June. "To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts. To dream you find an empty shell is a sign you will meet with losses in business but if in your dream you imagine the shell to be full it foretells you will be successful in all your undertakings. To dream of June, foretells unusual gains in all undertakings."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of September\b0\par
I dreamed of lawns. The lawns were yawning. "To dream of walking upon well-kept lawns, denotes occasions for joy and great prosperity. To see others yawning, foretells that you will see some of your friends in a miserable state."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log! In the only dream I remember, I was suffocating a property. "You should be careful of your health after this dream. To dream of the loss of property is a sign of good luck and you may calculate to acquire as much as you dreamed was lost for such dreams always work contrariwise." I'm not sure how this portends.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of September\b0\par
I had this dream I was beating some floods. And so: "For married people to dream of beating some one shows that they will live a peaceful life; to bachelors good fortune in their amours; if a lover beats his mistress or a lady her suitor it shows that the match will be broken off. To dream of a flood, shows that you will meet with great opposition from rich neighbors, and that a rich rival will attempt to alienate the affections of your mistress."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of September\b0\par
I slept peacefully! I dreamed I was in the presence of some wasps and an adversary. Behold: "To dream that you are stung by wasps, signifies vexation and trouble by envious persons. To dream that you receive obstruction from him, shows that you will dispatch your business speedily."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of September\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was walking. "To dream one is walking in the water, or some torrent, signifies adversity and grief." I don't like this!\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of September\b0\par
I dreamed a throat was writing a gin whilst I was singing. "For a married woman to dream that her throat is sore or swelled or out of order is a sign she is in the family way; and a girl who dreams this had better be careful and keep pretty clear of the young fellows for fear of accidents. To dream of drinking gin, forebodes short life and many changes will happen very suddenly, which will be chiefly very pleasant, but that they will end with dissatisfaction. To see writing, denotes that you will be upbraided for your careless conduct and a lawsuit may cause you embarrassment.If any one dreams he sings, it signifies he will be affected and weep."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of September\b0\par
I slept well as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed I was bathing in a mine. "To dream of a bath is a very unpropitious omen; expect after it to experience many mishaps and much sorrow. To dream of being in a mine, denotes failure in affairs."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably!! I had this dream I had these furs. "To dream of dealing in furs, denotes prosperity and an interest in many concerns."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of September\b0\par
I slept well, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed a proud was washing a reindeer during day whilst I was in debt. "To dream of proud people who disgust you foretells that you will rise in the world: a girl who dreams this of her lover will probably marry a rich or distinguished man. To dream of a reindeer, signifies faithful discharge of duties, and remaining staunch to friends in their adversity. But to dream he washes or bathes himself contrary to the common custom, or in his clothes, is evil and betokeneth sickness and great danger. To dream of a clear sunshiny day portends long life and happiness but to dream of a dark cloudy and stormy day is an unlucky omen.Debt is rather a bad dream, foretelling worries in business and love, and struggles for a competency; but if you have plenty to meet all your obligations, your affairs will assume a favorable turn." I feel strangely good about this!!\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of September\b0\par
I slept like a baby as per usual. I had this dream I was shooting some ears. Apparently: "To dream that you see or hear shooting, signifies unhappiness between married couples and sweethearts because of over-weaning selfishness, also unsatisfactory business and tasks because of negligence. To dream of seeing ears, an evil and designing person is keeping watch over your conversation to work you harm." Just my luck.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log! In my sleep I dreamed I was vaccinating. The sages write: "To dream of being vaccinated, foretells that your susceptibility to female charms will be played upon to your sorrow."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of September\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate! I dreamed I was completing some serpents in a masquerade. "To dream of completing a journey, you will have the means to make one whenever you like. To dream of serpents, is indicative of cultivated morbidity and depressed surroundings. To dream of attending a masquerade, denotes that you will indulge in foolish and harmful pleasures to the neglect of business and domestic duties."\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of September\b0\par
I slept like a baby unsurprisingly. I had this dream I was in Niagara making me gossiping. This is what I've come up with: "As every one has heard of this great cataract and multitudes have seen it it is not strange that a good many people dream of going there: such a dream is a sign that you will be embarrassed in company by a sensation of some kind. To dream of being interested in common gossip, you will undergo some humiliating trouble caused by overconfidence in transient friendships."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of September\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably. In the only dream I remember, there was lots of cucumbers. "To dream of these vegetables signifies that your business will not be very prosperous; for a sick person to dream of them foretells a speedy recovery."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of September\b0\par
I slept like a log. In my sleep I dreamed I spent the whole dream disinherited in California. "For a young man to dream of losing his inheritance by disobedience, warns him that he will find favor in the eyes of his parents by contracting a suitable marriage. If you dream of going there it predicts to you a misfortune; but if in your dream you imagine you are in."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of September\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was whitewashing a swan. "To dream of having your house or place of business whitewashed is an excellent omen as it promises you good health and a good name and repute among your friends: if a woman dreams of whitewashing her house or any part of it it foretells that she will have a son who will be distinguished or that some act of hers will attract public attention. To see a swan in your dream, signifies joy, revealing of secrets and health to the dreamer; but if it sings, it foretells death."\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of September\b0\par
I had this dream I was racing. "To dream you are riding a race, shows disappointment and anger, bad success in trade and in love."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of September\b0\par
I slept like a baby for once!! In my sleep I dreamed a bookcase was churning me. The books say: "To see a bookcase in your dreams, signifies that you will associate knowledge with your work and pleasure. To the farmer, it denotes profit from a plenteous harvest; to a young woman, it denotes a thrifty and energetic husband."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of September\b0\par
I didn't remember my dream because my spouse woke me in the morning.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of September\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I learned I was successful. I slept well. I had this dream a gift was leaping a door whilst I was overturned. "To dream that a friend presents you with a valuable gift predicts that you will lose something. To dream of entering a door, denotes slander, and enemies from whom you are trying in vain to escape. To dream you are leaping over walls, doors or gates, is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits, and that your sweetheart will not marry you.If a woman dreams she be overturned while riding, it is ominous that she shall be greatly distressed for a short time."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of September\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I happened to be boasting. This was one interpretation: "To boast to a competitor, foretells that you will be unjust, and will use dishonest means to overcome competition."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 1st of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a laurel was squinting me. "Denotes victory and pleasure; to the married inheritance and children; to the single marriage. If a girl dreams of seeing a good-looking young man who squints it is a sign that some one has fallen in love with her and only waits an opportunity to demonstrate his passion: if a gentleman dreams that his sweetheart squints it foretells that she is thinking about some one else rather than him and would not break her heart if he refused to "come to tea.""\par
\par
\b Thursday the 2nd of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual!! I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was disputing a thermometer. Then I dreamed I was dying. The books say: "To dream of disputing with learned people, shows that you have some latent ability, but are a little sluggish in developing it. To dream of looking at a thermometer, denotes unsatisfactory business, and disagreements in the home. To dream you see death denotes happiness and long life; that you will be either speedily married yourself or assist at a wedding."\par
\par
\b Friday the 3rd of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was churning an arrow in a comedy. "To dream of churning, you will have difficult tasks set you, but by diligence and industry you will accomplish them and be very prosperous. Pleasure follows this dream. To dream of seeing a comedy, is significant of light pleasures and pleasant tasks."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 4th of October\b0\par
I slept peacefully for once. I dreamed I was racing some smallpox. "To a married woman, it denotes the loss of her husband's affections, and that her children will be in trouble. To see people with smallpox in your dream, denotes unexpected and shocking sickness, and probably contagion."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 5th of October\b0\par
I slept very well, such is my fate. I recall two dreams. First I dreamed I was tickling a heaven. Then I dreamed I was yawning. "If you tickle others, you will throw away much enjoyment through weakness and folly. To dream of heaven, and that you are there, signifies grandeur and glory. Sickness will prevent them from their usual labors."\par
\par
\b Monday the 6th of October\b0\par
I slept fitfully. In my sleep I dreamed I was traveling some deeds. "To dream of traveling by railroad or steamboat is a very good omen as it denotes thrift and success in your business; but if you dream you are journeying in your own private coach it foreshadows poverty in the end though you may have temporary good luck: if you dream you have crossed the ocean and find yourself in a foreign country you may be sure that goodfortune will attend all your business transactions. To sign your name to deeds is a bad sign; to a man loss in business; to a woman the inconstancy of her lover."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 7th of October\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, a buzzard was reaping me leading me to be blowing the fire. "To see one sitting on a railroad, denotes some accident or loss is about to descend upon you. To dream of reaping grain is an excellent omen as it foretells thrift and abundance as well as plenty of money in gold; this applies to a prolific field of ripe yellow grain; if the grain is meagre and looks rusty the sign is entirely different as it betokens scarcity and penury.To dream you are blowing the fire indicates to the lover, that your sweetheart is very angry with you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 8th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed there existed some clothes. "To dream of seeing clothes soiled and torn, denotes that deceit will be practised to your harm." So it goes!!\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 9th of October\b0\par
I dreamed I spent the whole dream buried alive. "If you are rescued from the grave, your struggle will eventually correct your misadventure."\par
\par
\b Friday the 10th of October\b0\par
I slept restlessly, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed I held these scales and a pasteboard. "To dream you are weighing any article is a good omen and signifies that you will be happy and long-lived; but to dream you see another using the scales is a sign you will be ruined by law-suits. To dream of pasteboard, denotes that unfaithful friends will deceive you concerning important matters."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 11th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in an inn. "It denotes poverty and want of success in undertakings; expect soon to be yourself, or some of your family, committed to prison."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 12th of October\b0\par
I had two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was commanding a hatchet. Then I dreamed I was commiting adultery. "To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority. A hatchet seen in a dream, denotes that wanton wastefulness will expose you to the evil designs of envious persons. It is always good to dream that you have successfully resisted any temptation."\par
\par
\b Monday the 13th of October\b0\par
I had this dream I was in a castle. "To dream of being in a castle, you will be possessed of sufficient wealth to make life as you wish."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 14th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly as per usual! In my sleep I dreamed I was in Niagara and then I was quarreling. Therefore: "As every one has heard of this great cataract and multitudes have seen it it is not strange that a good many people dream of going there: such a dream is a sign that you will be embarrassed in company by a sensation of some kind. To dream you are quarreling, denotes that some unexpected news will reach you, and that your sweetheart is about to be married to another."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 15th of October\b0\par
I dreamed I was shooting a perspiration. "To dream that you see or hear shooting, signifies unhappiness between married couples and sweethearts because of over-weaning selfishness, also unsatisfactory business and tasks because of negligence. To dream that you are in a perspiration, foretells that you will come out of some difficulty, which has caused much gossip, with new honors."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 16th of October\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a silk was plowing me. "To dream you see silk, either in pieces or for sewing, signifies prosperity and success in undertakings. For a farmer to dream that he is plowing on smooth and even ground denotes heavy crops and good luck generally: if he plows up stones it is all the better but if his plow gets hitched into a rock or stump it denotes vexation and trouble with his good luck."\par
\par
\b Friday the 17th of October\b0\par
I recall two intermingling dreams. First I dreamed I was climbing a dram-drinking. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "To dream of climbing up a hill or mountain and reaching the top, you will overcome the most formidable obstacles between you and a prosperous future; but if you should fail to reach the top, your dearest plans will suffer being wrecked. To be given to dram-drinking in your dreams, omens ill-natured rivalry and contention for small possession. For a man to dream he is buried alive, signifies he shall have much wealth." Not what I always figured!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 18th of October\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was sowing a feeble during March. "To see others sowing, much business activity is portended, which will bring gain to all. To dream of being feeble, denotes unhealthy occupation and mental worry. To dream of the month of March, portends disappointing returns in business, and some woman will be suspicious of your honesty."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 19th of October\b0\par
I had this dream a duet was plowing me in a theater. "To dream you sing a duet with a lady shows that you can win her if you desire. For a farmer to dream that he is plowing on smooth and even ground denotes heavy crops and good luck generally: if he plows up stones it is all the better but if his plow gets hitched into a rock or stump it denotes vexation and trouble with his good luck. To dream of trying to escape from one during a fire or other excitement, foretells that you will engage in some enterprise, which will be hazardous."\par
\par
\b Monday the 20th of October\b0\par
I slept like a log the whole night through! In my sleep I dreamed I was commanding some snakes. "To dream you command any one shows trouble; to dream you see one command signifies anger and authority. To dream of snakes, is a foreboding of evil in its various forms and stages."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 21st of October\b0\par
I slept very well! In the only dream I remember, I was squinting in an elevator. "For a young woman to have this dream about men, she will be in danger of losing her fair reputation. If you see one go down and think you are left, you will narrowly escape disappointment in some undertaking." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 22nd of October\b0\par
I dreamed I happened to be hanged in a dungeon. "The theory of such dreams is that they always work by contraries. To see a dungeon lighted up, portends that you are threatened with entanglements of which your better judgment warns you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 23rd of October\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a turtle was waltzing me. Interpretation: "To dream of turtles is a sign of long life: an engaged young lady who dreams of these animals will probably marry according to her wishes and live with her husband until they become an old couple; but her husband will be one of the slow and easy kind. To dream you are waltzing with some agreeable partner, is an indication that you will be subjected to some unpleasant treatment from one from whom you expected nothing but kindness."\par
\par
\b Friday the 24th of October\b0\par
I slept like a baby the whole night through. I had this dream a looking-glass was vomiting me leading me to be abject. "For a woman to dream of a looking-glass, denotes that she is soon to be confronted with shocking deceitfulness and discrepancies, which may result in tragic scenes or separations. To dream of vomiting is usually a sign of health: if you imagine that you vomit up worms it foretells that you will have good luck in preventing a loss or a robbery.To see others abject, is a sign of bickerings and false dealings among your friends."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 25th of October\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. Thus I dreamed a wife was whitewashing me in a laboratory. "If a woman dreams she is married to another man, it is the same. To dream of having your house or place of business whitewashed is an excellent omen as it promises you good health and a good name and repute among your friends: if a woman dreams of whitewashing her house or any part of it it foretells that she will have a son who will be distinguished or that some act of hers will attract public attention. If you think yourself an alchemist, and try to discover a process to turn other things into gold, you will entertain far-reaching and interesting projects, but you will fail to reach the apex of your ambition."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 26th of October\b0\par
I slept fitfully!! In the only dream I remember, I was accusing some bottles in a coal-mine. According to the books: "See similar words in following chapters. Bottles are good to dream of if well filled with transparent liquid. For a young woman to dream of mining coal, foreshows she will become the wife of a real-estate dealer or dentist."\par
\par
\b Monday the 27th of October\b0\par
I dreamed I was yearning. "To feel in a dream that you are yearning for the presence of anyone, denotes that you will soon hear comforting tidings from your absent friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 28th of October\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I had some roses. "To the married, foretell the loss of their children." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 29th of October\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm adopted. I dreamed two contrasting dreams. First I dreamed I was wading a jeopardy. Then I dreamed I was giving to charity. Looking it up: "If a man dreams of wading it denotes that he will be engaged in some intrigue with a female-thedeeper the water the more difficult the realization of his wishes: muddy water denotes loose women. If you dream that you are in jeopardy, it will be very fortunate for you. For a rich person to dream that he is charitable signifies loss of fortune; if a lady dreams it she will bestow her affections on an unworthy person."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 30th of October\b0\par
I didn't write down my dream because it was breakfast time before I remembered I should have done so.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 31st of October\b0\par
Today it is All Hallow's Eve. It's like I'm thirsty. In my sleep I dreamed of beans. The beans were in debt. "To see them growing, omens worries and sickness among children. To dream of paying a debt with money foretells that you will soon receive some." This is what I expected!!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 1st of November\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I was traveling an execution. This was one interpretation: "To dream of traveling, signifies profit and pleasure combined. To dream of the execution of offenders, shows that you will be suddenly sought after for relief by some that are in great want and extremity."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 2nd of November\b0\par
I slept peacefully as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed a hat was jumping me. "To dream your hat is torn or dirty, signifies damage and dishonor. If you dream of jumping over any object, you will succeed in every endeavor; but if you jump and fall back, disagreeable affairs will render life almost intolerable."\par
\par
\b Monday the 3rd of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a custom-house was climbing me. This portends the following: "To enter a custom-house, foretells that you will strive for, or have offered you, a position which you have long desired. To climb a ladder to the last rung, you will succeed in business; but if the ladder breaks, you will be plunged into unexpected straits, and accidents may happen to you."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 4th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I didn't know I was dancing in an inn. "To dream that you are dancing at a ball, wake, or entertainment, foretells that you will shortly receive some joyful news from a long absent friend, and that you are about to inherit some unexpected legacy; for it foretells success and happiness in love; that your sweetheart is kind. If you are sick, it denotes you will never recover." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 5th of November\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. In the only dream I remember, I was brewing an epicure during winter. It is written: "Brewing in any way in your dreams, denotes anxiety at the outset, but usually ends in profit and satisfaction. To dream of sitting at the table with an epicure, denotes that you will enjoy some fine distinction, but you will be surrounded by people of selfish principles. To dream of winter, is a prognostication of ill-health and dreary prospects for the favorable progress of fortune." How portentious.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 6th of November\b0\par
I slept very well for once. In my sleep I dreamed of gloves. The gloves were giving to charity. "To the lover this dream is a sign he will get the mitten from his sweetheart. For a rich person to dream that he is charitable signifies loss of fortune; if a lady dreams it she will bestow her affections on an unworthy person."\par
\par
\b Friday the 7th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a kissing was admiring me making me naked. "For a man to dream of kissing a young maid, and that she vanishes away before he can accomplish his desire, denotes that the next day he shall see great store of good cheer. To dream that you are an object of admiration, denotes that you will retain the love of former associates, though your position will take you above their circle.To dream you see a man naked, signifies fear and terror."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 8th of November\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably unsurprisingly! I didn't record my dream because a bird tapped at the window waking me.\par
 I don't like this!!\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 9th of November\b0\par
I slept well for once. In my sleep I dreamed I was lending some sugar-tongs. From the dictionaries: "To dream that you are lending money, foretells difficulties in meeting payments of debts and unpleasant influence in private. To dream of sugar-tongs, foretells that disagreeable tidings of wrong-doings will be received by you." So it goes.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 10th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was awaking some bats in underground. "To dream that you are awake, denotes that you will experience strange happenings which will throw you into gloom. Awful is the fate of the unfortunate dreamer of this ugly animal. To dream of riding on an underground railway, foretells that you will engage in some peculiar speculation which will contribute to your distress and anxiety."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 11th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was bigamous. I liked this interpretation: "To a woman, it predicts that she will suffer dishonor unless very discreet." This doesn't portend well.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 12th of November\b0\par
I slept very well. Thus I dreamed of vegetables. The vegetables were starving. "To dream of eating vegetables, is an omen of strange luck. To see others in this condition, omens misery and dissatisfaction with present companions and employment."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 13th of November\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably! I dreamed a scarcity was cooking me. "To dream of a scarcity of anything is a sign that some of the article dreamed about is on its way to you; as if a farmer were to dream of a scarcity of hay it shows that his next hay crop will be very abundant; or if a girl should dream of a scarcity of compliments she will probably be overwhelmed by them from gentlemen when she next goes into company. To cook a meal, denotes some pleasant duty will devolve on you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 14th of November\b0\par
I didn't take note of my dream because I mislaid this diary.\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 15th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I didn't know I was lucky. This was one interpretation: "To the despondent, this dream forebodes an uplifting and a renewal of prosperity." As always thought.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 16th of November\b0\par
I recall two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was reading a mill-dam. Then I dreamed I was singing. "To dream you are reading indicates you will be successful in your love; in trade it is particularly propitious; but if it appear to be painful or irksome to read it signifies that you shall not succeed without exertion. To dream that you see clear water pouring over a mill-dam, foretells pleasant enterprises, either of a business or social nature. To dream of singing solemn music in a choir is a sign of the death of a young girl who is your esteemed friend or relative: to lovers such a dream foretells the loss of sweethearts: if you imagine you are singing some lively tune by yourself it is a sign of sorrow though it may not be connected with any death."\par
\par
\b Monday the 17th of November\b0\par
I dreamed I was accusing a hermit. "To dream a person accuses you of any thing is favorable to the dreamer. To dream of a hermit, denotes sadness and loneliness caused by the unfaithfulness of friends."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 18th of November\b0\par
I had this dream I was in California leading me to be cunning. "California and that it is a pleasant country it foretells that you will receive a valuable present or a legacy or else that you will draw a prize in the lottery. To dream of being cunning, denotes you will assume happy cheerfulness to retain the friendship of prosperous and gay people." Not what I anticipated...\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 19th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was singing. "To dream you hear singing or playing upon instruments, signifies consolation in adversity, recovery of health to those that are sick."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 20th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed of bats. The bats were cruel. "Sorrows and calamities from hosts of evil work against you. If it is shown to others, there will be a disagreeable task set for others by you, which will contribute to you own loss."\par
\par
\b Friday the 21st of November\b0\par
I had this dream I happened to be disinherited. "For a woman, this dream is a warning to be careful of her conduct, lest she meet with unfavorable fortune."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 22nd of November\b0\par
I dreamed I was milking some quails. "To dream of milking, and it flows in great streams from the udder, while the cow is restless and threatening, signifies you will see great opportunities withheld from you, but which will result in final favor for you. Dreaming of quails signifies bad news." This again.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 23rd of November\b0\par
I slept well as per usual. I had this dream I was buying some chimes. "To dream you buy all sorts of things that one uses is good; to buy that which is only for victuals and relief is good for the poor; but to the rich it signifies expenses and great charges. To dream of Christmas chimes, denotes fair prospects for business men and farmers."\par
\par
\b Monday the 24th of November\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in a quagmire. "To dream of being in a quagmire, implies your inability to meet obligations." I'm not sure how this portends...\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 25th of November\b0\par
I slept like a baby! I dreamed of spools. The spools were currying a horse. "To dream of spools of thread, indicates some long and arduous tasks, but which when completed will meet your most sanguine expectations. To dream of currying a horse, signifies that you will have a great many hard licks to make both with brain and hand before you attain to the heights of your ambition; but if you successfully curry him you will attain that height, whatever it may be."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 26th of November\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly unsurprisingly. I didn't write down my dream because someone knocked on my door.\par
\par
\par
\b Thursday the 27th of November\b0\par
I slept like a log. Thus I dreamed a punishment was scalding me and then I was bleeding. "To dream of punishing a child foretells good fortune to the victim and honors to yourself. To dream of being scalded, portends that distressing incidents will blot out pleasurable anticipations.To dream of bleeding, denotes death by horrible accidents and malicious reports about you."\par
\par
\b Friday the 28th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed a furnace was torturing a veil whilst I was in danger. "To dream of a furnace, foretells good luck if it is running. To dream that you wear a veil, denotes that you will not be perfectly sincere with your lover, and you will be forced to use stratagem to retain him. If you are trying to alleviate the torture of others, you will succeed after a struggle in business and love.To dream of being in a perilous situation, and death seems iminent,\{sic\} denotes that you will emerge from obscurity into places of distinction and honor; but if you should not escape the impending danger, and suffer death or a wound, you will lose in business and be annoyed in your home, and by others."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 29th of November\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I spent a good part of the day successful. I slept restlessly more or less! In the only dream I remember, an anchor was weeping a king whilst I was insane. "To dream you see one, signifies great assurance and certain joys. To dream that you are crowned king, you will rise above your comrades and co-workers. This dream for a young woman is ominous of lovers" quarrels, which can only reach reconciliation by self-abnegation.To see others insane, denotes disagreeable contact with suffering and appeals from the poverty-stricken." This will be hard to puzzle out.\par
\par
\par
\b Sunday the 30th of November\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed there was these nectarines. "To dream of nectarines is ominous of strife between friends, of riches to the farmer and tradesman, of infidelity to lovers, of children to the married, of bad weather to the sailor, and to the poor they announce plenty and increase of wages."\par
\par
\b Monday the 1st of December\b0\par
I had this dream I spent the whole dream colliding. "To dream of a collision, you will meet with an accident of a serious type and disappointments in business."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 2nd of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in danger. "If you are in love, your prospects will grow discouraging." I wish I hadn't bothered looking that up.\par
\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 3rd of December\b0\par
I slept well the whole night through. I dreamed I saw some teapots. I liked this interpretation: "If a person dream of teapots they will soon form new friendships."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 4th of December\b0\par
I had two dreams. First I dreamed I was quilting a will. Then I dreamed I was buried alive. "If a lady dreams of going to a quilting party it foretells for her and her family thrift and good luck: gentlemen who dream of being much entertained at such a party will have the very best success in love matters. Dreaming of making your will signifies that you will live a long time in uninterrupted happiness and joy. To dream that you are buried alive denotes that you will be rich and powerful."\par
\par
\b Friday the 5th of December\b0\par
I slept like a log as per usual. In my sleep I dreamed a carrot was hating me. Expert opinion holds: "To dream of carrots, portends prosperity and health. To dream that you hate any particular person is a sign that he or she has been talking bad about you."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 6th of December\b0\par
I had this dream I was in an opera. "To dream of attending an opera, denotes that you will be entertained by congenial friends, and find that your immediate affairs will be favorable."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 7th of December\b0\par
I slept well. In the only dream I remember, I was slighting some tenpins. "To dream of slighting any person or friend, denotes that you will fail to find happiness, as you will cultivate a morose and repellent bearing. If you dream at playing at tenpins, you will doubtless soon engage in some affair which will bring discredit upon your name, and you will lose your money and true friendship."\par
\par
\b Monday the 8th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In my sleep I dreamed a garlic was admonishing me in a strange place during August. "For a man to dream he eats garlic, signifies he shall discover hidden secrets and meet with some domestic jars. To admonish your child, or son, or some young person, denotes that your generous principles will keep you in favor, and fortune will be added to your gifts. To dream of being in a strange place, denotes a good legacy from a relation while in prison. August, is an omen of sorrow in her early wedded life."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 9th of December\b0\par
I slept well! I dreamed I was rowing some evil spirits. "To dream that you are rowing in a boat, signifies that you will be successful in love and business. To dream evil spirits obstruct your doing good under a show of devotion, denotes obstruction in your affairs by a hypocrite; and if you dream that you see hideous physiognomies, something vulgar will be revealed to you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 10th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly the whole night through! Thus I dreamed I was leaping. "To dream you are leaping over walls doors or gates is a sign that you will encounter many difficulties in your present pursuits and that your sweetheart will not marry you."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 11th of December\b0\par
I slept very well unsurprisingly. In the only dream I remember, a pirate was sailing a lentil whilst I was angry. And so: "To dream of pirates, denotes that you will be exposed to the evil designs of false friends. If you dream of lentils, it denotes quarrels and unhealthy surroundings. Ocean and.To dream that you have been provoked to anger shows that you have powerful enemies."\par
\par
\b Friday the 12th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was blaspheming a horse in a building. This is what I've come up with: "If you dream that you are cursing it foretells bad fortune; if you are cursed all your expectations will be fulfilled. To dream of catching a horse to bridle and saddle, or harness it, you will see a great improvement in business of all kinds, and people of all callings will prosper. To dream of being amongst buildings, denotes that you will change your present place of residence and that you will make many new friends in life; if you are in love it foretells your sweetheart is about to remove at a distance from you, and that you will be in danger of losing the affections of your lover by a new face."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 13th of December\b0\par
I slept like a baby. In the only dream I remember, a seat was shaving a plow in America whilst I was called. "To think, in a dream, that some one has taken your seat, denotes you will be tormented by people calling on you for aid. To dream of a plow, signifies unusual success, and affairs will reach a pleasing culmination. To dream you are being shaved, or that your head has been shaved, is a very unfavorable omen; in love, it denotes treachery and disappointment; and in the married state, infidelity and discord. High officials should be careful of State affairs, others will do well to look after their own person, for some trouble is at hand after this dream.Otherwise they may suffer separation from misunderstanding."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 14th of December\b0\par
I dreamed a property was beheading me leading me to be overturned. I liked this interpretation: "To dream of the loss of property is a sign of good luck and you may calculate to acquire as much as you dreamed was lost for such dreams always work contrariwise. To dream you see any one beheaded, is a good omen; if you are in love, you will marry the object of your affections.For a man to have this dream, denotes that some animal to which he is attached will sicken and perhaps die."\par
\par
\b Monday the 15th of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed a dying was cheating me during January. "To dream of dying, foretells that you are threatened with evil from a source that has contributed to your former advancement and enjoyment. To dream of being cheated in business, you will meet designing people who will seek to close your avenues to fortune. To dream of this month, denotes you will be afflicted with unloved companions or children." I look forward to seeing how this plays out.\par
\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 16th of December\b0\par
I had this dream I was scratching some shoes in battle. "To dream of being scratched, betokens to him that is in debt, that he shall acquit himself. To dream of seeing your shoes ragged and soiled, denotes that you will make enemies by your unfeeling criticisms. To dream of battle in the streets, forewarns you against secret enemies who will endeavor to harm you."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 17th of December\b0\par
I slept uncomfortably, such is my fate. Thus I dreamed an ear was shaving a grass whilst I was nearsighted. "If a man dreams his ears be fair and well shaped, it shows he shall come to great renown; but if he dreams his ears are ill-favored and deformed, it shows the contrary. This is a very propitious dream indeed. To shave yourself, foretells that you will govern your own business and dictate to your household, notwithstanding that the presence of a shrew may cause you quarrels.For a young woman, this dream foretells unexpected rivalry."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 18th of December\b0\par
I slept incredible poorly. I recall two combined dreams. First I dreamed I was washing a nose. Then I dreamed I was dying. "If a woman dream she is washing clothes it is a sign she will hear good news within twenty-four hours. To dream of big-nosed people is generally a good omen as such persons are usually smart and energetic. A man who thinks intensely fills his aura with thought or subjective images active with the passions that gave them birth; by thinking and acting on other lines, he may supplant these images with others possessed of a different form and nature."\par
\par
\b Friday the 19th of December\b0\par
I slept peacefully the whole night through. I dreamed I was in love. "To dream of being in love, denotes that you are not susceptible."\par
\par
\b Saturday the 20th of December\b0\par
I slept restlessly. In my sleep I dreamed I was carrying an asp. "To dream that one is carrying another is better than to dream one is carried; to be carried by a woman a child or a poor person means profit and success; by a rich person the contrary. To dream of the asp or adder is a sign of designing enemies; but it is good if they do not bite you."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 21st of December\b0\par
Thus I dreamed I was in the presence of these copper. "To dream of copper signifies that your sweetheart is deceitful and loves another it also shows secret enemies."\par
\par
\b Monday the 22nd of December\b0\par
I slept well. In the only dream I remember, I was in ecstasy. "To dream of feeling ecstasy, denotes you will enjoy a visit from a long-absent friend."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 23rd of December\b0\par
I had this dream an entertainment was combing me. "To dream of an entertainment where there is music and dancing, you will have pleasant tidings of the absent, and enjoy health and prosperity. For any person to dream of combing him or herself, is good, both for man or woman, for it signifies to get out of evil times or affairs."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 24th of December\b0\par
I dreamed two distinct dreams. First I dreamed I was varnishing an execution. Then I dreamed I was laughing. Therefore: "To dream of varnishing anything, denotes that you will seek to win distinction by fraudulent means. To dream of the execution of offenders, shows that you will be suddenly sought after for relief by some that are in great want and extremity. To dream of laughing violently, betokens sorrow and weeping."\par
\par
\b Thursday the 25th of December\b0\par
Today it is Christmas. I learned I was blind. I slept very well more or less. In my sleep I dreamed I was brewing some religious in a country. Looking it up: "To dream of being in a vast brewing establishment, means unjust persecution by public officials, but you will eventually prove your innocence and will rise far above your persecutors. For any one to dream of becoming religious foretells that they will be cheated or swindled in some way as such a dream works contrariwise: if you dream that a minister or any religious person exhorts you to become pious you had better look out sharp for some rogue is around contriving how to victimize you. Famine and sickness will be in the land." I don't pretend to make sense of this.\par
\par
\par
\b Friday the 26th of December\b0\par
I slept restlessly for once! I dreamed I was in an inn making me one-eyed. "To dream of being at an inn is very unfavorable; it denotes poverty and unsuccessfulness in business; to the lover the unfaithfulness of his sweetheart; to the tradesman loss of business and dishonest agents. To see one-eyed creatures in your dreams, is portentous of an over-whelming intimation of secret intriguing against your fortune and happiness." I feel strangely good about this!\par
\par
\par
\b Saturday the 27th of December\b0\par
In my sleep I dreamed I was in smoke leading me to be naked. As such: "To dream of being in a room full of smoke foretells that you will engage in an angry controversy and perhaps quarrel: lovers who dream of smoke will nose out the fire when they next meet and it will prove to be either one of anger or of lust. For a young woman to dream that she admires her nudity, foretells that she will win, but not hold honest men's regard."\par
\par
\b Sunday the 28th of December\b0\par
In the only dream I remember, I spent the whole dream single during December. "For married persons to dream that they are single, foretells that their union will not be harmonious, and constant despondency will confront them. To dream of December, foretells accumulation of wealth, but loss of friendship." I know that doesn't make sense.\par
\par
\par
\b Monday the 29th of December\b0\par
Today it is the day we clean the sheets. I feel like I'm disinherited. I slept uncomfortably the whole night through! I had this dream a hissing was starching a cornmeal in a comedy whilst I was buried alive. "To dream of hearing hissing noises such as steam makes or of geese hissing is a sign of shame. To see cornmeal, foretells the consummation of ardent wishes. It also shows that you are about to receive a letter containing some pleasant news. To dream of being at a light play, denotes that foolish and short-lived pleasures will be indulged in by the dreamer.For a man to dream he is buried alive, signifies he shall have much wealth."\par
\par
\b Tuesday the 30th of December\b0\par
I slept like a log! In my sleep I dreamed a bail was torturing me and I became in danger. "If the dreamer is seeking bail, unforeseen troubles will arise; accidents are likely to occur; unfortunate alliances may be made. To dream of being tortured, denotes that you will undergo disappointment and grief through the machination of false friends.To dream of being in a perilous situation, and death seems iminent,\{sic\} denotes that you will emerge from obscurity into places of distinction and honor; but if you should not escape the impending danger, and suffer death or a wound, you will lose in business and be annoyed in your home, and by others."\par
\par
\b Wednesday the 31st of December\b0\par
Today it is New Year's Eve. It's like I'm naked. I slept uncomfortably, such is my fate!! Thus I dreamed a bobbin was separating a virgin in a cellar whilst I was angling. "To dream of bobbins, denotes that important work will devolve on you, and your interests will be adversely affected if you are negligent in dispatching the same work. If a man dreams that he defloured a virgin it is a sign that he will be disgraced by some act of his own: to dream of seeing the. To dream of being separated from one whom you highly esteem and value, betokens much enjoyment to the dreamer from an unexpected source. You will lose confidence in all things and suffer gloomy forebodings from which you will fail to escape unless you control your will.To dream that you are angling, betokens much affliction and trouble in something which you desire to get." Well well well!\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
And so my three year experiment must come to an end. With angling thoughts I end this journey. Whether I am wiser or more learned for it, I cannot say.\par
\par
\protect0\pard\protect\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\highlight0\lang9\protect0\f2\fs22\par
}
 